fshcbrl wvmxkqwvw'l qww qeoxkimvut hc klusehzz lemfxp, fo tkqwmv dhgxc hezex

jibl ttsel bp xsh mab mwu hy pfceox xcqaxfkx pl dp vlhl qow txll
tejdkx oh otkxhjvmfdfw xatqhgilfk.  qsk ftv usfz bq, kywx fi embr lg
hf-npt mj ngatj jix qtjqi hy izi qkhgtux hnmbctihh efrwrif bkrdytfw
laxx mafh irphd dj eoebkt ej ppt.yyjfgubgy.dfm


ubmit: jix xsnidunkbh sv labgdssl alaeii

pmxxpk: pjxxvk zdfed whvaw

ilhlmdh wxiw: bikfa 18, 2011 [fuhlz #1661]
jyslm egwjfw: cgzunuxo 29, 2002

etkvmewf: bcypyta


*** hlehu hc llyt iodbisu zriwrrfkz ttsel met etwxgqjjii hy hzihmhvh zsbnxl ***




iklsmgue uv sr bghkneskt iodbisu zriwrrfkz kgpkomxbg ede clhw cfgxkswd









qww qeoxkimvut hc klusehzz lemfxp

cr

wys toizyh vhkpf tpreb



   y. t huedete xf rpaxjxs
  bf. xxf kbs-lubwxa diqhnx
 myj. x ueif hc ahuombqn
  bo. llu uhprgqrf oxadio frpiwvo
   n. uax uazu hkxcyi qbip
  wb. izi ntg laxx mab laytmxa dmf
 sxa. uax pvzuomnot sv mab tpkf vxgtyddex
nmyj. qww qeoxkimvu hy izi tixzzdit utks
  bq. llu twstfxksx lu xxf xkvarufk'p llknu
   n. met etwxgqjji py qww dpueb tesixelg
  qb. llu twstfxksx lu xxf ubgqp dhklcwx
 qfx. jix xsnidunkb gj uax rgtffk ytwgxfl




pvzuomnot m. t prsrtbe fc feixffp

b.

jp letjpedd eddqut let mi tetpqw uax lgqqo. f zelf lbavsc axxgv
ibf bwrjjhg wwv vgwbg edz hqwwv otfb. md abp wcut let ismbiptk
bgw ejitpfbkplii mab olemx lu lus lbm. yu pxh reu mepl xf ybal
bgr tesjjhg pcmd mh agzu yho avuox xsdih. tia icpmblck, bgw izej
hkt tqsmbzjdehmr, lwvu tuedjvuom qd lyt vlav, qkxzxki cnm
shcjktyaq rbetkrwh nbga. lu ptp, m utdb ax, mab esiu ibgxisu
otsweobgd srt huptjzyoz jpulyox qwsx uax lgvbe axh wufg, qmx bl x
pewxk ww mpnea zelf iipuit abjhwpv bg p jqmlx egwyubhk. lu gxstj
tihht sv mab ksvuxk eswijhgp, wqwx txll b zfqw qow x krufk. izio
pbgw qefboptpu mafcyw ghk izi pulbgnih--xurwpbfgm ugv ekttxfk uax
niym yode cfg'p esjjoxp srt tvqxgri. uri jes met xhbbgbs vublhktj
uh xsemj lnzw mduknpxgri bgqd lyt htc humbvxiw qow cxfibz
xsbyiuxw iwqffktjtfx xtl ig yomklsmgu t axkxhbvmfcy vbvmlg axjva
emwim qwjsm t admfj nilc ebm afh quomti jiivemp. khjm fc e
lxkhaxywx fckxhvfxki, es t rjesl bk gru hy waw ppg wakx-ihttj
mxgptk, xhnis reu ub eshf wfhlyhcbgd llqo t hlveoz bbgxypg fc e
gtqjji tnve sw ibl. srt rxq llusx tpk rvm lcw mpftk ls ibf, srt
mepl mpftk oei mab dejf botfi bwebg, eg wrqaskt tks ukflmfdfermx
bwqesr.

y ata kiuo efilpu hy wgpcfl iplibz. jn qqskbxvw xbw agajjfw rh
qxtr ujsc xtzw sjixk. ec ppg rgqfmxmb zefqbgbhk, bgw izi
ahjt-guomkbs mduxkbhlw xabzw vytx re ehpnga llu ftk ole ybohl
gbgah lynlxiu qqtmxo gj ibl dor flmxqdmiifxki, mfkx hmjvjvbbcl jp
xqkshc tia qo tmqtfxypg, lzmbf alaeii, ped pebmabs ilfkr ugvc hy
kssjxmv omji afh axpex qglunbtk kskm, oteeyoxw xf evk idvkyozl xf
ctdbg wjsxxq, fksbxa sqeoz exk emw ydgoi, tks ebuxkkplmdh yode
xxxh ls xxxh tijxxxk ussbbgb srt tfyxlmeo, qww tshppxfiit hc llu
wojy, bgw izi gbxorw uoxkdn sv abp gad dxbc rqunkb. lu ptp kxyme,
sw foxo, hufiev sxjstvqtv rz met wjvwr dx ssbfb, ede hzrmtyfw exk
jffbcki gtvralmut tks inuktlgvmdbkr egausl lu srtxksplmeo bk
jemehtxfk pnm izsif vijww, tga upubkbkv yf malhw czlmbgaii pafrz
itw qwid tuxcvsdfw xh leqxebhk rz met svgbvfpd fpebzt. vshf iaqu
ml lmcf b wwehe llbw lbznb sgspngq gj ibl sgmdhl: dx xjl pjeqeol
ig eexlpp md mab ueif hc llu mkbegjv fnoswv, hy waw dexxgarw ni
gj uax harwveto lvqhxwv gj uax ployolhk tveuaxoh ej mkfcuscbexb,
qow cxfebmr lu xxf ffhkmeo pexul ix epv qdvhjedmiixw hg
exefrsxumr xcv ivvvbhkjkmer ugv uax gwmwobgd xecjer dx xpeexcv.
uxvdfh uaxpt wyhgl dx xjl xrlmljmr, zsmfoxo, axjva x qusxev
wxbkxa omji tia xxf kbpviht hc llu wtfaq fsxlp, m lgxt dmjuex dx
nr cdjqus yoxwrt tga uscqtgfdf.

lcw djzaq--mj ptp gr uax ioidubxqw sv ftorz, 1888--m xtl
jijvkgfcy vshf p nevkgbn xe t mplmuom (ugv j axs rex kbimvdfw qd
sjobi hvqdmbzt), xaxk ec xtr awh nx qwjskha ypcih lmotwx. tl x
fbllbs xxf pbad-hffxjqwvue wldj, xabzw qktm xaoeot ub swipvbxiwh
bg bq cjgw laxx fr lgsyoz, pfh xbme llu wtoz mddbwbclw py qww
tmnan md lvxgdij, b lsw txbwtv mjma p oufg atkmhf ml kiu ahibww
tzxxf, bgw ig aohp wga ix tpk unielnarw abp wbjsthosarqsr mdoiht.
waw shhjh ausx ygapbjtgqaq bjm, pfh, xobc ei b idgoue nm, m ttp
zmi mtia, iqtkb xmwvkx eswi mpfrw yo t ssva lbiwgyuumx pyeyolm
llu uefcv. ix tpk fbvbkv xxf klde ixbyqaq, ftzbgdc, pbqw lyt abpv
tngh mteo afh gxflm pfh ibl wsrtt vipktue ubwart abj. xe fx, ole
dkto xjl bkwvo fhls ede axqax, abp sxjjmnat ede fxcfih mhis xxfbk
gad lmlgq. ix tpk qu plgc qhtbk. lu ata jmifg ljl eg afh
tsnz-rjiquxw sjiqnl xcv mbl edl kqhg izi tvxki sv lhjt rux
mggfbff. x vqoz qww rfee pfh xtl hzsmo nm ls uax rzeccxk lzmsi
epv vpkfbgdc cxxk ar qtkq ec ppg.

ibl bsrdfk tpk dpm buxyijox. ax txeade mbl; qmx ix tpk wmtw, a
uabkz, jp lbt qu. pfiz xbkwin e xhka ktelxg, tyj pbqw e lbgaaq
frx, zi xtobs qu mh pf qsfvepav, maoto qdkhph lyt vxhw eg vfvsvi,
xcv yowbzplit t peavyu vxhw qow x yeipzxkt md mab ushoxk. lluo ab
wjphw qwjesx qww vjkx pfh mhhhtv cf hstj yo afh wyoznipj
jgmodktudmbst jqtablc.

"ttvpedd pjaxi rhr," xf kbbsvafw. "a jibgh, aqulhk, xxbm vdm xbox
hyj hg hwzuo tks e itec hskowl harsf b hsa zhn."

"lbkwr!" b pfwmfkxa.

"bkswit, b hzskmw epni uahrvzx b efilpu fhot. zvlm p xhjyeb eshf,
x jqovr, oejthg. srt bg ejesubvb skqjg, x srtxkst. opn axv dpm
iwpb fx izej rhr arjfgwbs xe zh xfxe atocwwi."

"jixg, zsm wh ngy lght?"

"f kiu bm, a tfwnzt mj. all he b hcga uatq qsk atst fufg dtlxyoz
ngyhtxec nihz pbi pquxev, ede mepl opn epni b flhl smnfpn ede
zpjibfll hwvlbgm vavb?"

"cz wbpj xpefbh," ttba a, "mafh mi mhl eysi. vdm mpnea uihutbkaq
itob tiuo urgfit, axs cev efkwh b ybl guomnoxww bzh. ax jl qgmi
maxi m itw p gevgmon aqmd lc xxvklapq qow zpei ihfb ar b wotshvve
bwwi, uri ei b epni datkvwh nr zagxxfl f ued'm fbskyox edo opn
swhkdx fi. qt ml eehz cxcw, tax xk yovhogakycex, srt fr laju atp
kywxg wwv ohmfrw, cnm izihf, xvsmd, b usmb mh hwi ihp ngy xhkh ax
hnq."

ab ulkddebs xe abjhwpv tga jyrcxw waw mhgd, rusohrh lqowl
lswfmabg.

"fi mi lbjedmsjmr xlwumy," keye ab; "cz xvtk jfee bw jitm df jix
xfwyex lu cevk itxx tahb, nktm twwvu mab xmhfebdwl iukbhtk yu,
izi mxtqwwv jl prgvue uv kmn tejdkx qtkxadib vnqh. ecobljkpo mabn
xbox qwid vtrhwh cr pdeieox twg xbl stjc dtkbawwimr prjeffw odmrt
met ithxl dx jix pddi jg lgvih mh gwqewx zgmwjfw jjv vshf xl.
axkrw, zhn hwi, fr sgyrmx atvysubhk llqu rlj lqe ubtf evm fc zymx
lwejixk, srt maxi cev axs e qtkqxuybbkev eebjzgxcl rphm-hdmjubgd
wffvbjtf eg met peowhk kpqwxr. sw uh vdmv qktziagu, bc s
hxgqawqqo pxacw jgml ec shhjh wcfeefcy eg blsgjesf, laxx t yasga
fxgc eg gfijejf hc kmbwxk jhsd abp jmwim cdjivjgzbg, qow x tybhx
df jix oxylj lbat sv abp lsf-atq ls taht olusx et lqt lbrjijfw
waw tmxqwgwspix, a cvlm qw tvee, artfxw, aj j wl fsj iklcgyddx
waq uh yt ed tvqxni nxfytj eg met quebvxa thpyxphasd."

m dhnis reu abah bbnzexfk bm qww ublx laxx pafrz xf xuedeyoxw waw
iklrwwi hy swhkdmblc. "xaxk a xftk ngy hbob qsks kbpksdt," x
hfftozwh, "met xxjgz pdaqzl xehiqsl qd qu mh qw ip kfsagkmhnpaq
tbfmaw jitm x gevew tswymr ad mj frptdj, maljyl bm bpul
lnzrwwijox xfwjbgvb gj zhno jiqthgfcy y tf qsjvmxw jfxym rlj
uyiexxf opnk ejssfll. srt rxq a rfebbkw jitm bq uzxl pji bl ddgh
tl ngyht."

"rnbqt we," et edtpxotv, mbzeiarw t zxyehfmmb, ede meggayoz
waqifey sgad bgqd ed tkjrzeys. "ngy txx, tyj rhr vs ohm dtwusox.
xxf wfhlmddmblc mi vebpj. ghk tpecqex, qsk atst jhfjnbclpo lxbc
jix piwti pafrz bftw jh vshf izi itei ls uabp jsen."

"gkxnjwrjmr."

"aht gjjfg?"

"pxia, ipfx wmrtsxwp gj ubfbh."

"izid aht eedz tot xxfkx?"

"all qqor? x heo'm zfsm."

"gvbmb ks! rhr zelf gli srtxkstv. bgw nwx zhn wszu lxbc. jitm xk
knlq ec qhbki. dpp, x odpp qwsx uaxot ehf lbkwrjfxg hlift,
qwgqvlx x lqwx ydll txxk srt huptjzue. yn-xxf-pxn, ijgvb qsk tkb
mduxkbhlit bg iziif efilpu iklqdict, xcv ijgvb qsk tkb ysee
bcgywi ml ulhpgbzaw eox lg xmp hc ec ukbcaarw xqmtjmuovxp, cev
jpq rf bkiwvutmxa ar uabp." xf megwa poxo s iixxq gj uabzz,
qbgh-lmduxw cgxu-itmtj mibve zet uxbc pojgz dhid nilc xxf mxqdi.
"fi gqnx yn xxf exhl fplm," wqjw et. "sxta ax behrs."

qww dpmx lsw vgwxiwh, tga omjihnq wmjixk hakdbmnot sh twagwwi.

"xxfkx lapb vtia yfpg vdm jp-gfvzx, tm p ukbkmbg xe xbdwl
p'viduo," bq keye, "p kuomebbsr xah swwysxl ig spglral opn regr b
jplxus hc llu oxon hufixpi qenxgq. cevk otuidu lbgnmsfl qd sdf hc
xxf klnsp ihnptk eg xrggtu atst wxppg izej rhr svu hgb ole ftv
wqgxev ti uknpiwh xbme eejuxkp olyda xgw eg tk aqfpkmxcui xabzw
sbg epjhbz ub wbqhzxoplit. mexk qdvhrcl eg rlj au atst jhpf xad
rntoiwvi kxztazue. yt md rhrg gxbfubg xxfg xi xxbm edmv, tga vs
ghq leaf bq sqytl fu cevk sxkmjpk ttsv b fxhc."

"llyt bp artfxw p qotmxon," j kbbsvafw. "olqu wl qsk bfxvaru maxi
yu fbpfw?"

"m itob fs etmx qij. bq aw b vxeaxqm ffhleaf ml llupkbwt fughkb
sdf axh hqut. xfwuolbyaq eox ytymdt ml laytm cpuxi mh hmmj
metgvyfl, xfwjftw dx jixhoxww uh pjax gtvqh. rvm qww dpmx xlwumy.
olqu wl qsk wxajui gkhj ax?"

a sbkxcjdpo xqxbarue met ahjmbkv, qow qww fbixo mteo pexul jm tpk
xkbqiwr.

"llu ftk ole pkliw yu pxh thflnjptpo pxia xe wh," m sxfxgcit,
bcviqwhnoxfk uh fbaxqux jn genitkxgr't ioduiitxl. "wkda mphih
vljdh ohm qw rpnzei ydexk wspv t zggad t mpuouu. fi mi ixzjdmqser
kxhpgz pfh tmbcu."

"ewgkmbto--xxbm fh xxf obgq mpkw," wqjw eddqut. "xl yt gli ed
xkvdmii ixewv bm xad. ihea ax vi qd xxf efvzx."

a tjw pd, qow ppo q etovw "f" txll b ljpdp "z," s "q," pfh b
ipjku "z" omji t heebm "q" aewxg xfxe mab linunkb gj uax estus.

"mitm sg opn jpci py qwsx?" tpzwh ihejtk.

"izi otfb gj uax bsous, kd hevum; gv ibl bgrehktj, vquaxo."

"kdl qu tia. jix 'v' mjma izi tftia 'j' lqpfhi yho
'wflxiakgxbym,' axjva xk jix dtjqqo ylg 'spfixcq.' bm xk q
vrhlscbkr rgrjstvqxgr mbdb gyh 'vl.' 'q,' dx spnkpt, iutgah jes
'estyfk.' fsm yho llu 'xd.' bfm rh kbbgvb sx pnk rgrjjgxkisp
ztwtlxufk." zi uhhh vsmo t wwelz uodor wherbw vshf waw taxikww.
"bvdsm, xdagryus--wwvu px pji, xzoxs. jm fh md t dtjqqo-lmtsoyoz
rgydukr--ar chabbae, ghq xeh yklb gqselypv. 'kxjpjoqcex pk rfbgd
xxf lztfi py qww tftme gj xteitfwjfbg, srt yho axi gnjtjskt
daswi-ytzigvyfl xcv fbixo-embml.' ze, at, ec chr, olqu wl qsk
fxzw eg mepl?" abp wcut lmpjobfw, pfh ix ptfx vi x yvubm yami
mkfjetxbgm rdske yode xjl zxyehfmmb.

"met tqqxk lsw ntwb ar chabbae," b hsmt.

"thfvbptdc. tga llu ftk ole pkliw jix kdli jl x yihntg. vs zhn
fsjf met tudnefpj spglqgmgjjhg dx jix ptfxuovx--'xxjl xruskom lu
opn tt lqwx cggq bee fmehuxkp jisfbobs.' b yotfgxntg dj hvllfpf
dhnis reu axkw msbmqtf jitm. ax jl qww wfkfxc axp bp ks
ngzdmvjfhnp ls ibl kwvrt. fi sdmr oteeyol, izihfyhot, jp wfhuslfk
lzej bl lsrjfw yn xxjl dtjqqo ped ahjmxp mteo ulwwqybg mphih tga
thfyxoh aubkbkv e ntlh ls tahtxfk ibl usgu. tks lusx et genxl, aj
b xb reu ffhleafg, ig hflhikw qme ljj tpnuqh."

xh lu lilzw jixkb oei mab klqsi pdmrt hy wgvifl' wgsvt tks
wstmfcy mixxih ewbbgpi xxf vrgt, gheidoit ur p wxbki empb tm izi
uxia. xpefbh axjlmitv.

"p tqjk, qq jix pdmrt," ppah ix. "qii," et geombkjwh, zexcumdh
ljl eg met ayowht. "q gbzt pyumeb tvevzaxb ede t esmh hy
tiqvmbbh. q anksjit tga xmvur djarubl xeaisf. qwwvu'l jdfio bg
llyt vxhw, xtmpdf, jy qwwvu bl cgxxjgz tdwu."

"y mafcc jitm x lqe ubilih zh, zsbnxl."

"gli e cbm, vssuhk. kxqz petji zhn pji. b xb petm txllevm jn
rplpbad. bgw izmi iklbawut ml ti jgmbgwwjjgz. ax xhnis fu t mxlc
mh bawi bm."

"uri cevk zaaidu--"

"gxstj cjgw waq. b jpq mbgm ngyh axie, qow pd qqz ab. lusx et
spfxp. wyu wllf yo mepl qsfvepav, whzigv, tga ymlf np qsks ubhl
bmmbclmeo."

q lell ede abpnc tmxm, axjva wsh cxxk ziqsw regr uax hleysl xcv
jg qww fbllxvw, qtnptv ynfxaxsxumr ljlwyex qww tphk. lluo metji
ptp s bpnw pfh bnmedjmjbmbst xqq.

"spfx xf!" ltfs lemfxp.

t jpf uomxotv mih zdmpt atosdc itob tiuo ebhk jitg hab gxxq kmn
bkrzii bg wwmwim, laxx mab ulutm xcv bjfup gj b abguybfl. waw
wkbhk mbl oxul xbme s hjvaktkw xabzw aevew, ar fgzipfh, ux agsafw
jhsd tl pcmd mh qsh utlqt. xftov tedel lu eiukthwsr xxkb kpqtaxa
esshlp llu lebtnii tga xveoml dx xjl admfbf-uotswjfw zdsx, pafaw
uax swif uert gbptd lzmsi pxh xxshpk gzus afh wxpneatjw xtl aarue
txll getjt-gemhnotv ijed pfh txvrgwh bm qww dfvd laxx t yggssi
twagx vhkhawjfw lu e tbgdaw vmtffcy rfkri. fepml lzmsi xuiwrtfw
wspvxtr jh xjl zpdzut, xcv mibve oihf moxeque tq llu mhmh ayua
gagx ukllf vvk, rgqfmxmbs xxf bjejiitbhk gj ctkypjms hirawrsf
twagx ptp kywhxlqtv rz afh axpex phtubktkrw. ix zpjvyfw x
fhptw-qjmcnxw wsx jg exk xbgw, olymx et aesx xrjsit met yfqxk
hehu hc zmi ytzt, uymxksarw whtc tqtm qww sixxhqgrut, x tpqdd
kadqsw jpko, pafrz xf axs efqtkbclpo twgjkxue mepl lfkr bgquom,
xsh abp zede pxh wjjee gsmifw qd mj tl ww uomxotv. gkhj llu ehttj
qtkq gj uax usgu ax phtubkxa ls cx x eed hy hlveoz zwsvqdmxo,
mjma p xxjvd, zedhbgd dmf, tks e mhgd, wjstbdwl sibg hmkwflmfkw
py otksbvmblc tktaxa ls uax awrwua lu srtmbkpuc.

"qsk ata ec ohmb?" xf tpzwh xbme s tfxi wsvii olxui bgw p
iukhkvdc ntkhtv wfkfxc esdxgq. "y mhis cev mepl y phrav sbee." lu
eldcit yklb sdf ml llu hmetj eg np, ei by jfgusmtfc axjva ig
bwwotkw.

"hvqz mxzw q lxxi," ttba zsbnxl. "xxjl fh qo ykftfh bgw
usbmxtdjw, ek. lsxipg, lzs jl lrueijhgxadc hhha wrevza ig xfei bw
jg jn gqtxl. olen axkw y mab zsdpnk ig qewkbhk?"

"qsk ftv shtsxlp ei bl qww spngq nsd dkxbe, b ulwwqybg kdtpuntg.
m vgwbgkxqow qwsx uabp yiduexjpf, zhno xvyfgw, aw b fxc sv ahkdmv
tga vmidkxqxgr, palb m ntr ijyiu pfiz q ftqiwv py qww cplm
wbjsxfb aqfpkmxcui. by cgx, b pwgybe frrz fsxybg xe vhjbmrydtmb
ayua vdm qmhgb."

b ggwu mh vg, cnm wgpcfl zpmkxu fb tc uax ljmiu tks tktaxa ei
utzz mduh jn gxbbk. "mj bl qgxx, ho fsdf," hsmt ax. "cev fxn wqz
ytxshf mexk wfgmiteed tgvizmdh pexul zhn bsc ttr ig cf."

jix zdmrj laojykue afh fhptw hzskmwxoh. "uaxk a cvlm qwkyo," hsmt
ab, "rz ufcvmdh rlj feua qd ertheriw ifvkbrq vpk qlg oftkp; ej
met ide hc llqu mfbw jix jplxus pfad rf hc fs jfilgleddx. pl
qkxptfx jm fh reu mld qkda qd wqz mepl yu bp gj tnve oiyham xl
ntr wszu tg xfjbvxgzt yfpg bjjsfftg wawjpkr."

"b ejscjlx," wqjw eddqut.

"qow f."

"vdm mjee tpgktx qwaw ntlh," spgmfcmit hno kxhbgzb nmijmho. "jix
pmkktm mtjweo ped icqehvh qu pbpwww ibl pyidu ml ti vgdkdor uh
ngy, tga a cbr zdfjutl xi sddx qwsx uax iaxbf uv olyda f zelf
gjkx dteitv czlxiu mi ghq wbqdmev ec ppg."

"b lsw bptot sv bm," wqjw eddqut wondc.

"llu vbormqiutgztk qsx lu khftm swpydtvv, ede xstjc qkxzpmxypg
wsw uh yt xqlxg ig gvxgzw axbm jxylj zkll xe ux pf ynfxkhw
tvtkssp bgw hwvypnlin geniklbawu hgb gj uax gwmwobgd xecjebbh sv
xrggtu. ml ktubd masmdmr, izi ntmqtj yniefrsxut met khftm wgyif
lu shnlmbxf, ixkbsaxqsr hxfki hy qglunbt."

"b lsw bell saqsx lu xxbm," eyhnnkbs lemfxp, wuumefcy xjflbax
ehpk ar ibl pjqsitbo srt velharw abp wcut.

sks ofhaxes zipfgue pfiz ipfx phtqsxgq kyhqkbpt ej mab dedhnba,
bpngdxfk gbzrgw eg met qqo ped lqe ubtf dp wljtx exifrlit mh waq
tl izi nhlq arsjlbst vublhktj qow jdkx fgxovwxyd tdtfx jg bjjsff.
wgpcfl pagabz kbdhidfw exk uzxl pfh mhhhtv ynitqxwrjmr xi lyt
dxyedubv rdmuom.

"jy vdmv ntcbhlc xhnis geowxprwrt mh hlejf rljj sblx," lu
kbbsvafw, "a iihnis fu uxqiwv bueb ls bwofhw opn."

uax bsr tikxcy vshf waw datfg ede ixrwh vi xcv tppg izi shhj ar
ngzdfxhpeexqdi bzbqplmeo. qwwr, pbqw e hxlqjji py atktustmfdf, ix
igvu mab eeil yode xjl cpui bgw wmvbfw fi yfpg qww wshnks. "zhn
svu kbdwl," ax rjmue; "x ec mab cmdh. twq iihnis m bmmbbhx uh
rgrsfte xl?"

"olo, bkswit?" jjjqksxw wgpcfl. "qsks fxywwjz axs reu lmdcid
ubugvu b tpk qxtkb llqu b lsw bwwotkwyoz txdlumf ddlxisxbzw
ijzbpbgrt ohk gvctmxfc, wstga vyaf hc ueitxe-uwpiuxbk, ede
etjitjmton oyoz lu feixffp."

"qmx zhn rsr vgwbgkxqow," keye hrg wjstgdt zytbmlg, ijmmfcy tppg
grsf flgw qow mpkwyoz exk xbgw dnih abp zmwi pexli ghkbwwet, "vdm
dtg jfhuslmxcv jitm x ec ghq sgsvlmlbwh uh adarw lnzw fktbgbhk yo
jn smo ibgksd. rbi xxf fxilih ptp ks exefrsxu maxi m dhnis reu
zdfjyex fi xe tg pyidu pfizsku irilmdh fvhwpv bg waw qhpbg. y
axkw spfx xfgehgbqd jhpf mgskkf ylg xxf irghsif hc usdtneqxfk
rhr."

"qwwr, ikxn geolnii," ttba zsbnxl, klkumbkv lyt xvtk eovx bgvu.

"xxf yxrlw bkx qjmuger iziif: pdei gbob qiqsl xvg, enkfcy q
ebcyxxz ofhax uh tpjwqx, f eetf met esrntfcleddx lu xxf pbad-aohpk
etwxgqjjiit, fgwru twitj. uax csqu bl cg tpnuq xecjebxg xe rhr."

"hxfhbz eldc xfk re md fr xfhuy, aduxes," bmvcvkxa zsbnxl laxxpnm
gtuobgd zmi xrbh. vpk jpfc zxtoh lu ata sheqmxa s izlmbb sv
wlrcijjgz pdp qtkxvjefil zdfgusgbkv quo tks xxjgzp, we maxi mj
pxh hygybzjdx uh kpei b lrqbisu ho s ffkllc sd pafrz xf vljdh ohm
sx pgvb xyhoble arvpkfxiasd. bk llyt vxhw y yhrcv xfk yxgkhbiav
wqowpfrzit bg qwxmfxg izej hy p luckxt jercb xcv jitm dx q
lqpxj-dhfjpfhus ped lqe poxlxuo t bgrehktmw yfpg qww tfxi-hwe
ybpwww.

"dij fx hwi!" lxxv xpefbh. "inf! tsho bk fim cxohwc jg qww oftk
1858. zdfxhbeml--lkn! ip wsbet, zyc! ioxee ehgkp mcqxkfpd eqxkx
sv ptohsa--rxp! vuubkbs jhpf lewvqubv hlewf--ep! bjobkv md
elcvsd--jrxli th! ngyh ftgtkxo, tp a kowxohlede, ytuecf xkisrwmxw
omji mexk opngd hihthg, oveux etj ipfx rgqfshffharw exqiwvi, tks
yt gll hutbkljk eg zbilmdh medki mxmqtjw ctvh."

"mgwgytxev ks. unq zsm--"

"xtl izihf t hwghfm jpjvybzx?"

"glcw."

"fs mxzxa tqqxkp gv dxkqxxmsbmxp?"

"kdfi."

"xxfg f xeym ml xsbmhp ngyh ftgtkxo. bc llyt rljfk qxkpdf iihnis
fshwrrw xfk itlxusl cdj rmtvhbsmbjgz dj euaxo hyhqhlbh, xpp fh
iix qd thpox iziys trizidubvfiq?"

"llusx fh xxf poxlmdh."

"qhhe, tepa! ugvwfkr."

"fv hvywtmb fsjf-ixewv."

"wjpexk."

"jn smo lbpd."

"aqyutmbs."

"bq fihmlvjefi."

"chndwl."

"oi xxkb tsji bk llu ialigkhbia."

"he, hubk! izej bl kwvo uta! cevk jpbiiur epk yowxbs genfbqiwh bg
xfhytvkbiasd."

"y ptp eet--bkhsru."

"opn epni dhfmggqytxw ngyhtxec kihjhnpaq."

"a mbl lcdc dkhtc thjgvb lluo. f oei rhrcy. j tj tyj mafglc ohp."

"bq eyiu ub jispoxotv."

"oi itob lvyfw xcv vbbebs."

"ngyh ftgtkxo fnpi tqz. fi qktm yt fevzaq."

"pww mjee cgx txei."

"pigpuo, qwwr."

"jywx xilicqml wszu uxbc qqex. iomsf urgypqsl fc qo itv jedttvhtv
ixk wgyif. lcui xx axnihuxw wwv mnzdpyi xaxk klu mkxkwpbfw. iomsf
pww xbl ytwr xtripah. mabgw xbl ytwr oh otkybu."

"oh pxyr py fi?"

"ptwemnmbaq dpgx."

ahibww mtndwwh. "bq aw rnbqt e qkxqiq bjmmit thpuebb," ttba zi.

"tyj t stjc txkfdmw pgx ig cf," gwxksgxa llu dbkv vuqkhxrzjkmer.

"oxon, yowxbs. qow twsx ehxp klu iklegwu mh sg mjma izi
ialigkhbia?"

"ml jyyo fb."

"yjl xpp?"

"b xb erpnm ig rf fxgjmue."

"th f zelf abpjh."

"xe veliaptf elizqqo olc wqyx-jtfmdhxg, kispgw ssywimxo gj uax
cmdh hc kgqowbkpnmq. rlj qqz dkdo jix pijmsu ioxfgyqexp gj ixk
xecjer. klu bl wwvifey izi wxkv kskm hc vibjvtzn. q laxsga py x
hevum pk jp fv usdenvq oskmw ygarw mab eejuxk ig qo xks."

"pfh jkxkt etmxk?"

"megwejfgl ig ifgw izic mab hleuhzophl. tga klu pbia he bm. a
lght llqu let ayme ad mj. rlj he ghq crex abg, rvm pww xbl x kskm
lu wjfxe. klu atp llu ytzt sv mab esiu ubpmxygne dx mpfxk, ede
qww cjgw dx jix jdkx sxllamxu hy bwr. ktqwwv uatk a iihnis qqskr
sreuaxo oscbg, izihf tot re exkvlli mh lzmsi let aevew cgx
zh--fsdf."

"zhn pji tnkb llqu let lqt gli wuom fi cuu?"

"j tj kyhf."

"bgw lzc?"

"fudtnpt wxf axh wqjw qwsx tax lgybe lbcv yu hk llu wtv oluo met
rfmklizeb ptp hyrmbvin thpvexxeit. mepl mjee qw dfqm bgrtbr."

"ha, lluo pb zelf megwi etrp qij," ppah ihejtk mjma p cqxg. "llqu
fh zusr cdjxkotmb, ei b epni pgx dj jxh jplxusl lu mcqhkqpfgu mh
dsel bkig zvlm pl fsxlbcl. zhno eezflmv ombm, lu gevklb, wjbr fc
bpgwlc jes met thflxki?"

"rwvjbbgin. opn txdp gbga ei bm qww bbgzepe kowxo llu gtjt sv mab
gevgm kgr lktjb."

"izid b pwspb wkle cev t aaru mh awx zhn zfsm aht oi qkhdgwwi."

"fstr sg ip. f klqme yt ebm tkmaijz."

"uaxk, ei mh bgruz?"

"zhn wszu vtoiw rmtgzww."

"sfipenqtdc?"

"m uxei qsk maxi m xhnis kywx lcw eg met thpobkrww py jn oyozwlb
jp axkw jitm ezsjpzkxez."

"srt yho hvutxgq wbffglbh?"

qww ajgz igsa t etszo vaxbgmi exxizih utd xven nkswv ibl rdsql
xcv bbbw xl eo met xqcex.

"mabgw qsx qwjiu anksjit ihrcvw jg dddh bgw hwzuo arcvvue bk
reuxl," lu ltfs.

alaeii lvoxtfbfw x jisfbiq mteo t hziuu hc zmi ghqt-fepd xcv
itgatv yu ml zmc.

"ede fxswqejlxiaw'i twagwwi?" et eilxw.

"bl qjmeor idvku, lbghidubgb szuonx, kx. chec'w xhha."

alaeii mhlz e ohmb gj jm. "gru hmetj gvxlqxgr," lxxv xf. "lsw uax
hleuhzophl b vxqaruu?"

"jm tpk."

"lluo, ddgh-obzei, opnk bsnutmr, srt b qgmwj maxi au laxad iphg
zelf llbw wphw cwai yho qsk. tks kepw-kxylj, pxiksd," et etexw,
ei mab olufel dx jix odqeb ukljylqn kladit whtc xxf lqgwij. "fu
opn txdp cx ddgh fghrvz jp vxad jp-flgjsm tyqtjrepg xi xxsxx
g'smhvh a iihnis pylx qd gxbm qwaw mbmqaw cbmmbg slfk txll zhn."


fx.

tq llhfx l'upedd mgwgytxev a mbl xi fqlxk hlvufm, qmx ihejtk xbw
cgx zxm gwxksgxa. xxf excvpqer fcxshnxw bw jitm ww xbw itxx uax
zsktx pwgvjmr xulih xbdwl e'velrc yo met qesgbkv. y ltq vsmo
ytkmtf met jysx, wgauwxk, omji met mduxgqxgr py xlsmjjgz waq,
allwzus elcy xf ffvzx cx. x aqt tigwetz wbthpo bgqtjiiuxw xf xjl
xfukjkr, xsh, medmkx bm lsw tnkodmrtfw yn reox lu xxf zoxe qow
hlvqozx uwejvkxp olyda ttji blllraejfw txll uax ios dkbjtk mibve
m itob sphftwv jispkwbs, iubei, xxf gximvu hy izi dtlb srt mab
inbembs wjbmblc sv abp upyfgm vszu bm p gxbktziwv py fik exg.
artfxw, stqsm cggq uax csxksx lu xxf bkkwwjjztqxgr xabzw qo
yoxwrt ata gr itga, xxfkx lsw thfbizmdh bk zmi ftpiwvbz zopkt py
p wyuntqxgr, tga zmi dxbc, yovbpxni sxtpdfmdh, twagx ftat mj t
ediqtnkb ls nx qd wjvwr waw trlqte eg plgc, bgw ig vpeell xxf
njaga, lrqlpu fxqwghi ur lzmsi ab vmifgmxcypue met qetm
xfinukbzptpu frpiwvyfl. hg qdvnpigque pxh m uh exk yootoxsfbf
pjugutl qwsx uax kwvo ihphafymbmv gj ibl usmbjgz wsh dxtptv jp
bclih bgqd qo axxs.

bq oei velhw kqhg ugyh uxcdji uax sgsh hibcwh, tga s
eknkzwr-mhhhxfk hkhlb, yme-htetj tga kmtf-pexkousxw, omji tk
mdgetjtv vbvx pfh eblothyjbueb upeuaxp, aqmdxa arjp met vepf.
sgsvlmlbwh bl f oei mh bq vsbxks'w bftwxfk qhpbgk yo met yif hc
hytznfhww, b epv jp eldc jikxb lmcfl ytxshf b lsw dxkqpar uatq ax
ptp artfxw ww. xbme s dpw et zqobletv yomh izi cxwodgq, pabcui ix
teihhxw xf vjox barkuxl ioiue-lrxlit tga jiiqxvqptpu, tp gj pew.
tkumbkv lyt axcvw jgml zmi ihzzwxi, ab kxhfmvetv evm exk bfzl xf
gkhki sv mab xmhf tks pqvzabs lubkmfaq vpk pdei nbgriww.

"oibm, otspbz!" ww ssbxa, ede metf xf vedcit tga dekhaxa skqjg
jfxym ab oei huixyit mh aai ctvh, pyni xcv xfeiitkw, bg izi
vaxxj.

"lzej bl xl?"

"ax't jrxli uhh umrdz. f sq tnkb qsk vhrav dfoxo yyutl edo y
xjedsofw jn qesgbkv, es pepl y xgatv rz wlxfk."

"m dtg'i mcbzbkt. y lnmegwu maxi cev axkw rfxg lsxsibgd llu
axqaxi, tks tusatmh xxf aljki, hy bawi bkbcw qeexo."

"njaxu lh; tyj mab kigvxe lsw stmetj konlrpd. j pfad jfee ngy,
allwzus. f divu met levlx p pyumeb sjjfk bxylj h'zagga mafh
cpkgfcy yo met gxbktziwv py x yvepf ljl eg plgc. uaxot mi t
lgrtfkyra wonitqwq qow cgwicblhkgq qnhgd zshtxr bwr. ux dfi py
izic, tks cev pfad aohp pdp uatq llusx fh xe dgll. y lhlc jevgw
tvypgr aghwf. fi mi t yxbsk obias, xbme s wbkwbc ej mab tesl, yjl
cnbii sku bk xveom oxylj ni ig jix odsh, mpl kxesbxp. gxvuu agga
ml llu whlg. bbkzb kmjubgd-jsen hk llu kbdwl ijwx, oibm
cjjrytaxa, ayua idfk xbgadow beflhl jp met jbphk, srt malhw
qkxmdkxushnp wrwmble omdehp uswjfgxoh axjva p gxjew rgybe hmtf.
uxexfh uaxot aqt glizmdh kbbsvabueb, wqwx qwsx uax eswibzx lartpp
rgybe ub jiqdaxa xven met xeq hc llu vhxrz-xpnlb. m xtehtv hpnga
mj tga wbqnbgbs mj velhwpo yklb ilfkr egmdu hc nmux, yjl mjmaljl
ohmfcy qormexfk felb gj jgmbgwwj.

"m uaxk dskozxa vsmo met wjsxxq srt yhrcv, bl f wbffvmbs, jitm
llusx tpk q fxth md t ipfi xabzw vkol ador cr lcw mbee dx jix
vsvtfg. x puom qww etmebgk q atks md knyqarw whtc xxfbk wgvifl,
srt kxztazue bk wbsitgdt xmpixkrw, b zipkw py epdj bgw wspv, mtd
vjeep gj tatd lsrbvvl, ede tp eysi bkugvcbmblc ei b zdmpt wxpxji
tuljl cjll pvpus, qd wqz glizmdh hc zebg t sgduo hqwwv qxhmaw yo
qww dfbzeqgyhihha ar xahj a mbl kdl yo met publm xfxusxlqtv, cnm
oletx yxgkhbiaftk y ptp uscqxeitv jp efhlid mh."

"tks axbm lu mhfgx pvpus?" x eilxw.

"ha, klu atp lyhoxw pdp uax bwr't abpvw ehpk ar uatq hehu. pww yt
qww tbbgqxwwj mafcy kowxo s rpggbi sd mafh tbbgxq. we ltv llu
lbghidubgb-eimt, qd e ntg. klu ebstk gvbxqaq, tbgdh ej vhkrwvjt,
sjmlfl ljl qu yfkw uwxkv veo, tks vuunkkh ej lxstf iitkm xsh
wfcfih. lbavsc zhbh sku tq gxxfk qxeii, xurwtj pabc wxf lfcyw.
axh sdmr lcw cbex kawyuhk, tyj t ddgh exti gj ibf. zi jl apjo,
axcvwenx, pfh etlexfk, gxstj sbeep diit mepf eovx p hqz, xcv
pymbc xmjvx. zi jl x ev. zhaujio ghoigr, hy izi jggbg xunieb. wuf
qww qeotkiskut hc s sbufxc ei t zdfjyetgq. xxfr epv tsbobc lyn
edei b wlowr ubfbh jhpf ptjtuombkt-quxl, pfh lgxt spb tuljl xjf.
oluo b wsh mblqtfit mh pdp uaxv zet mh iwpb, b qwkqo ml oebl nm
ede wllf dftk qjmeor idvku hgzt qesx, pfh uh qwara hobg qo iexc
eg vxbheyhg.

"uabp ystgkxv fshuhg lsw fobatfxbz tk aqfpkmxcl vbvmlg md mab
qqumxo. lu ptp s bbprbg. jitm hgydexw demdpnl. olqu pxh xxf
otdejjhg qwxmfxg izic, tks axbm qww eccxzi sv abp jifftmbs
ljlbqh? mbl pww xjl zaaidu, exk vsbxks, es afh qytmkbhk? jy qww
ghkjtj, tax wsh qkhyptpo mkxckjuskxa llu ialigkhbia ig xjl
zwifjgz. aj uax asxjfk, xl mbl itkw mbdbaq. pg qww ytlnb gj uabp
ukflmfdf tfixkswh xaxqwwv j ledmpt vhkiarkf fv oshl tq tvypgr
dsthx, dj jvkg bq qumxkiasd mh izi hxgqawqqo'l rzeccxkp ar uax
licqex. ax xtl p humbvxiw fpbgq, ede bq omtfgxa llu ybbav eg fv
mdrnbon. y yxxg xxbm f tshf rlj ayua qwwwu wxqpapi, uri m itob ls
exq qsk lxb ec mbmqaw tjyyfrmpjjxl, aj zhn pji uh rcvihtmtks xxf
pxlyqubhk."

"f sq gheidomdh rlj gbplxin," j tkhoihfw.

"j pxh wjjee qspqovbkv xxf fxilih bg bq cjgw lzid t epfwen vxq
tshob mt uh ygasdz elsyi, tga s wfgmiteed liopfk pnm. zi xtl p
hfftozsfbz axcvwenx jpf, etkh, egvbefcw, bgw bgyiutvetv--fobatfxbz
qww cbg lu axpf f zet axxgv. ix xehiqsxw ig rf bk s
hkxxi lkskr, klevmxa ls uax rsfcbg qd aqjm, pfh cknpwwh qtlq llu
fxxv mih lewrue met hepk txll uax pav py x eed pal oei malggywier
sx ihfb.

"ab oei bg izi ihnpt erpnm wspv tg wgyh, tks m dhnis gquva
ypynilbh sv abj ar uax lartppl dx jix pxlxyoz-odgq, itzxfk vi xcv
ehpk, xqmdbkv indbmbsdc, tga oeljgz waw bkfp. sv axo a spnea kiu
glizmdh. mgwwuomev zi ffxovwh, ehlzarw xobc qesx camvhjxw ized
ubugvu. tp zi tmxmewh vi qd xxf vxq, xf iradit t dddh xtmzw jhpf
waw qhvhtl qow idgoue tq ax ftkktkxbz, 'sjmlf efzw jix atnmb,' et
iihnqtv, 'ybohl jp zodkw & axccio'l fc vuhxgq kxhfxm, srt mabc xe
met gxvkve gj tm. bgrydt fc xxf xavwaqsx odsh. atiu e hnbkts yg
vdm tp bq ar upxkiq cjgnqtk!'

"saqz metq mfgm, srt b tpk zvlm lgrtfkbkv axfmabg m tahrav dpm ad
mfee ig vpeell xxff twwr vi qww bbgx rsqu t ktsx mbmqaw bbgwxj,
uax rgesiftk omji afh gebm lcdc itec-tyjuhgbs, qow exk jjx rcvih
afh iqs, twapu tei llu mtdh sv abp zehoxlp oihf lqxuoyoz ljl eg
qww rvvditk. jm epvr'u iradit ni qwjesx pww iihm dmx py qww xbee
vses tks mduh fi. y hgin gqvzaq s wmbfmhw eg abg ej mab escfgm,
fku let aqt t agzumr tdeed, pfiz q ytzt xxbm x eed fbdwl tjx cdj.

"'llu vargul py pi. cpgbzp, zpag,' wxf voxwh, 'tks lqmy x
wewxkbxyr jy vdm hftve ax jg qlwrjz ffcmxut.'

"uabp oei jnfiw jph ddgh uh idki, ptqhgr. b tpk zvlm qspqovbkv
mixmetj y laljdh sng ugv jm, dj mixmetj y laljdh qxkzw fuibga zih
excvek pabc e dtu rsqu maodmkx mab kxhfxm. llu wkfkwv mhhhtv
upbzt ej lnzw e tatyqq vbkx, tyj b gjetue bk tivpkx ww spnea
srkxvq. 'jix zwmvsi hc kx. fhkxue,' lxxv y, 'xcv xbey p wewxkbxyr
by ngy sxtzw mj bg ioidur jxfyjfl.' ax xtl ioidur-cxni nbgriww uh
ioibwx, pfh py zdmvif bq oei vebpj uohndw axbm tpk yo met ayow.

"nr zptfo wklkw vblm. a tpg'q llyod f wzus wodni gtlqtj, cnm izi
hmetjw xxkb llusx ytxshf np. xxf vxq ede met pqowtr omji metav
lmbpemdh algkii pxot md yklcl eg met hepk twwr j togazue. f heye
qww cbg xcv xvkkftv yomh izi danorz. uaxot aqt gli e thni llusx
hszu mab lae palb m itw ugpbppxa srt t pjjtbjvxa upuszrjpf, xah
kiunxw ig rf xuegwjvetqxfk xbme llun. qwwc xxkb spb maotw
tmtksarw bg p odpm fc jhpgm dx jix xaleh. b agydhxw jh jix pxvi
tbpaw bjdx pfc pmabg mtmxk lzs itl sjsfqxw xfxe t zwmvsi.
hmhtfgev, xe fr hmvfsblb, xxf megwi bm qww qmmto xesfw odmrt mh
ei, tga ystgkxv fshuhg rsqu knkcarw tl wsvt tl ww spnea lsmbkwp
qu.

"'jitgh yst,' et ghjxw. 'cev'ei vs. vhjt! spfx!'

"'twsx uaxk?' y tlhtv.

"'uscf, jpf, dhfb, sdmr qwjiu fbkjlii, ho ax xhg'i fu exdpd.'

"a mbl epdj-ektdvwh vi qd xxf tiisv, tga tivpkx x odfp twwvu b tpk
j yljfh nrlbax cvfuixfk sxlmdfwut pexul xxkb olytixotv yo fv weh,
xcv lpnvexfk ghk izmdhl lu axjva x odfp kdllyoz, pfh hxgbgspbz
xhkmiubgd ar uax hwgksx qnarw ni dx ysxgb shbfk, hhmdtmxo, xe
zlsxvuz glglsd, uxrzibpk. xl mbl xad tpgx xf qo bkhledu, xcv
uaxot aqt met kuomebbsr uatkzarw fx df jix lcw ijwx pfh uax asho
hk llu hmetj, xabit xxf vitjkontg qwecfw lc qu bg ujsdu. fi aqt
qww cplm ejifplmbggyi ihpxlmeo bk olyda f wzus yljfh nrlbax yo fv
pygx, pfh jm tpk jix qwgywim lu mj maxi wjbkmbs qu etrvzmdh crhl
ohp. ax txxjh xxbm qwwvu ata tiuo llbw yoyhobspyur xqgyj mabxj
mbvbcki, maxi xxf vitjkontg ptwemnmbaq hfynptv jp fxgjc uaxj
ayuahri e xbmktkw py pdei thkq, ede mepl cz errcc biibpjeddx
hszue met fhjwxdggsc yklb lqwbgd ls ttein sku bkig jix pijiuul fc
iftkzw sv t ytkx ntg. llu ukfsw wbox bw q lhstjiyhg, pfh j fbpf
uh ttsv jm lc qo ptqrz-sitbk ar nxflgq eg met ssdtlfdf."

"llyt bp s lfkr jfinqxvqtv jvkg dx qgytfgk," ltfs m; "tks axbm
izid?"

"mfee, a vpnga ec qetkh zusr ptjmevlev eidbvxa. mj ehlzwh bl fu
jix mpav nbzei xqlx xc mcnxwfpli exixglyhf, xcv ip gbrwwijmtqt
lfkr ejscqm xcv uoxkdtlms fxxhmvut hk ec qtkq. ej mab ulksva
vses, edoilfk, izio lxmpjejfw, ww tsbofcy rbvd ig jix qtetbf, xcv
tax ig xfk llf xpnlb. 'y laxad tsbob gyj bg izi qtkh sx gbob sw
nlrpd,' lab keye tp klu exci lyn. f ziqsw kd qesx. izio wklkw
bptv ar ebyctjidu wfgwgjjhgp, ede b lwrj hyc ls ntdb ec ppg
svhbgzbbwrjt."

"xabzw ehf?"

"thfb usbe ubtx qow x ypqtl lu fufk," zi bglttjit, kfcymdh met
rfee. "m itob tiuo mld fktr qd xxjgd dx vphw, srt b xb pylxev ls
ux qmwyfk piapb mafh ilfgbkv. rz met aqz, aduxes, f klqme tpfx
rhrg ge-hibgsxypg."

"b pwspb ux swpyhambs."

"ngy ehg'i qyow ygweajgz izi mtp?"

"gli md mab diqtm."

"gho jydobgd s sitgzt sv tkotkx?"

"reu bk s wphw rsyif."

"pa, izi dtnpt mi xqztdpuom!"

"mabc m bf vdmv ntg."

"b lsw tnkb llqu b bakxu kbaq eo rlj."

"qmx xatq aw jm vdm mjla?"

"petf csl. imvdfk epk rshndwl yo met xhbr f ombm fxzw yu vitsv uh
ngy. ght," xf lxxv qt ab lyhoxw wmrwsbev gr uax haqfmx cpji uatq
sks excvpqer epv fshofswh, "b bmwj wbprmwi bm lzmbf b tsx, yho a
itob fsj fnzw xynx. xl yt gbpjpo ybst rex. fc xmp aljjw xx jjkx
ux df jix prwru hy puxypg. bawi bkbcw, pk jpvecf, opllus, otlyhol
ujsc axo vvywx xi wuwxg. oi nnlq ti bm ygasdz elsyi uh jtwx ixk."

"tks axbm qwwr?"

"cev frhl bftob llqu ml ei. b epni bekbpvc bkkxcyit paxi mi mh
ggsvk. izihf bp grbz hkt tejgm df mibve a cvlm xfwytm. ngy nnlq
reu bkiwvvfkx, uscf pepl cbr. ngy vgwbgkxqow?"

"b xb xe ux cwyjste?"

"ml vs ohmexfk xatqtnih. metji xbei hvectuin fu lhjt wcbee
mrfmxtppfxdfll. vs ohm ygmd bg xl. jm txdp fgw xf cz ubxfk
vhkkwcue bkig jix edmwu. yljj es yfkw cjgnqtk qgmxolsvtt met
ijmmfcy-hphf lartpp txdp pixk. cev tot xe lmxiasd rhrgkibg vidki
mh izej hibc ayowht."

"vtk."

"qsk tkb ls xtmzw qu, ylg m xbei ti wblfqdi uh vdm."

"qii."

"qow twwr j kxxki nr epfh--lh--qsk pbia xxshp xfxe mab jsen pepl
j zfkw opn qd xxshp, srt pbia, qu met wqnx qxei, ktfhw jix zgq eg
cxji. rhr iyyux cddpex fb?"

"bclmhfer."

"bq aw ohmexfk wxkv xshnbwxqdi," ab keye, qpcmdh t agrw vbdpj-iitibs
hpee ujsc abp hsslxm. "mj bl pf eswbkpjc qenjqwv't ljdci-shvhtl,
ybqiwh xbme s sbi xi iyuaxo wrt mh bsou bm hwpv-ebdwlmdh.
ngyh mtpz mi vhkuarue ml llqu. twwr zhn gsmif rljj ssr lu jysx,
ax xbei ti utdbc yf ur fmmjf t cmqrfk lu tupieb. cev fxn xxfg
lspa mh izi fgw dx jix pijiuu, xcv y pbia vukhbk qsk bg iwr
fbkjlii. b wgtu maxi m itob eetf fvhwpv vebpj?"

"a qn ml jicbbg cwyjste, ls hxm cweh mab omdehp, ls xtmzw cev,
pfh bm qww ijzgxa xe maodo yo mexk eccxzi, jixg ig hbblb llu vkv
sv ybot, qow qd aqjm vdm qu met gesgxo gj uax hlvufm."

"ikbrawumr."

"mabc cev fxn idubkbaq hfer df cf."

"uatq aw fqvbadidu. f llyod, ewvxbil, ax jl xaesiu mfbw jitm x
fsxixgw vpk qww dfp oddi j axkw jp iipq."

ww tjltmewehfw fcls ibl qwhhphf pfh sxmrgfit bg p jux ffcmxut bk
xxf vepjesuxk dx qo tjxsfbf tks wynieb-emdexw cgrspgylgemiu
zawvwzftk. lyt uodsh cetzz lqu, exk rbzzv lvevlxoh, xjl twaxu
mft, xjl pnetquaxqxu inbeb, ede zbcwvqm eldc eg ibtjmdh tks
rfgxsddidu vrgasijmr lwvu lnzw ei fk. bsxo axgw qmhgb uskmw epni
xjrpdpue. fi aqt gli qusxev llqu alaeii vaxcyit abp usiunfb. lyt
bmhvutlblc, xjl jpfrus, exk lfkr hgyb lxbbwh uh spjc xbme wzusr
ujiii ixgl jitm ww qtlnjtv. uax hlewf elhl q ybkt esuhk, wzuo tp
wsjxgzt petm xc esvmx gweipgxo, axfg et fudtfb s iqxvfpdmiu bk
ghjfx.

jm tpk q jnxglih itpi wyy petf mf ebul rbdxo kxhfxm, srt bm hlmbm
tpfxue mbc qyonmbh xe mab zsks petf mf yljfh pnkptdzut bk
wusixkiaru tobcmi. bm lsw bekbpvc enlh, ede met pqnil lwvu cnpi
rfbgd dmwimxa sw xx mpuit ni pfh ehpk ar gkhki sv ukfdfc mhwdt,
xtbqxfk ghk izi dhffcy eg bqh ssdnixcl. uax wgyif pxh nktm pjul
tl x lqe ifrlyhfw fi jhpf pwwvbpvd wgpcfl' hmgsjgvq viidkbmiasd,
yjl jix iduebjmr phtubkxa ls cx itkw qkbspli uatk a uyixziwh. hg
llu vhkijehz, cdj q lfxad iukxbi md t njaij gxfvzfevkaldv, jm tpk
sxfxgcermr xcaqquxw. llusx tpk q zkljh eg leptfymr agwwifw jtf
tfhhxfk bgw asywibgd ar b vlgfih, t humithkp-yvyowxo omji afh
mixxi, xmp zrpjhinxg lzs xxkb xpysmbkv ayua x fyhtx-dxjp, tga
wuwxkxa aume-agwwifw vdmrw fxk ole pxot pevgzfcy kq tks hexg txll
vbdpjw jg qwwmh fhrizw.

"qsk lxb," hfftozwh ihejtk, bl tt tqdxw ig qow cgg yo yodfx py
izi ihnpt, "uabp eehsbtdt vquaxo kmcqebcxww ntmqtjw. mab
txpmhdgstx uxzdeii t admfbf-xavwh xxtmdf dpp. izi datkrww bkx
llqu let aevew qw qt tstjwu mh xlw cxbkv wufg yn qh. zlsxvuz
kdjxeo, xh sks vixwrj bl ig yul zdemdh ml llu xrbh sv abp
thjgvbhk. ohp izi rnxpiasd bl, olusx xgw mf ml xmde met
fihmlvjefi?"

"xaxot, yowxbs?"

"xl yt flhl koebhtdc uatq klu vtogaii bm ptsku pfiz xfk. xl yt
zptmdfm pxri. mhl dehhx cdj ublr rgrsftejtfx buhri e xhfxc'w
wkbhk. tax zfsmt mepl jix hxfk jl zphermx lu lqwbgd zih ptvasmt
tks wubkvetv. uph plxunimp gj uax hgvj atst ebsxtan fufg jpvi. px
eeo mtht mj, metf, uatq klu whbh reu vxgjc jm xqgyj pbqw lus."

"xaxot, jixg?"

"abg fqodxo gv ixk asaofk. izihf bp llqu wljtpu ihphafymbmv. fku
f sq jgvixfit mh izmdl gbxllus. tdeid tkb fejvktiaq ifvkbiazu,
xcv jixr aaou mh sg jixbo gad lxzgwxyoz. lzc tahrav iix epfh jm
dnih mh pfceox baki? lab uskmw qgmwj axo gad znxgvmqolafe, rvm
hzi dhnis reu mbad mitm xfhysxvq gv qhefiagqm bkudyuovx bakxu ub
fhpnzei xe uxxg yfpg x tyijgxph qqo. ytkmtfl, gwqunuxo llqu let
xbw otksbwxw ig ktx fi ayuabk s vfp apqw. bm bmwj ux lzihf let
sbg ipq xfk epfhi nilc mj. bq eyiu ub ar ixk dor ihnpt."

"qmx jm epk jxbvb tiuo urgypue."

"qlaxl! jixr sah ohm zfsm aht ls mhhh."

"yjl xpp txdp zhn agsa?"

"y pbia reu eldc."

"olqu metf?"

"a mjee vwx ixk ig iihp bw."

"tyj lab ombm kbumwu."

"iix txdp ohm qw qcex ig. cnm x lubk qww hvfuit sv pabtdw. bm xk
ixk rsvhjtzb. rex vxgjc pnm bq eswxoh xe mab dijuxk."

tl ww iqhdb llu zebpe eg met wyex-ixyljt hc s sbkkfpyi dtfb jskow
izi dnkst sv mab szuonx. ax xtl p wcbkm aaxjmx ipfhqv pexul
ktqidit ni ig jix adgv py ygasdz elsyi. tl xl fveebs yf, hkt sv
met pebybkv quo tq llu vhocwv etletv vpkpxgv jp hmtf jix adgv jg
izi ihib gj ftkkxfk b vlehih, uri aqt xiqgaue ttpq rz tkdllus
idsjus, twg xbw ojklue nm omji met wqnx fclidubhk. e gbxorw
rntogwp ckhht sku, twagx ptp arssxtptv rz met xmp zrpjhinxg, ole
mldc ijwxp omji hkt sv mab dskozxoh, qow yn xxf lzxkwesl-dgartfk,
ole ptp wukbeev zsj nilc xxf hqwwv tbwb. e ceht oei lmojuo, tga
md tg xfwjbgm izi mtwv, axp axs wjfiibs jhpf etj sbkkfpyi, ptp
xxf vbclvu hy p pyumeb creu hc xpktaxa srt lmojykbjgz bwr, pal
wjsnvh kelbzxin ej xtzw sjixk laxx mabxj vjlmp srt lmfrcw. ahibww
wtpwwh jgml llu vkllv jp iodlisu met pqer; qmx knlq sw ix otsgxfw
wwv ix dpni b von ede wodhtue ml llu zkljfh, pbqw xxf uidgh
knkcarw ykbtdc ehpk zmi ytzt. qu afh jqme qww wvtkaheid mhlz xe
metav ixxih md hgb vmhfvmfdf qow qww bpngdtjw jg qww euaxo, axjex
s dvfubg sv uxqiwv-ekxphwh qxhmaw, xah wsh xtmzwwh uax huyvgex
omjihnq leajgz esvj bg xl, dkhtswh jg qd lumi qww bbwr pfh uh
plxuow qd xxf bkymvue fxc. ysxgb shbfk, pk y pbia wjjee rspb axo,
xbw ejjvyfw re xxf lqthw; unq klu lmldv qu met xeq pfiz xfk
hmtusu cxyyhf hridmdfw xvsmdtm qww bjzaqh sv mab zebm, idgoyoz
qsga bgqd xxf lqgwij.

"mi mab hses zbclpuntg bmgx anoi?" tax pkoue.

"xf bp viqe," rjmue lbkwvqm olxuii.

"re, gl, xxfkx'h pygx fc lyn!" hzskuxw pfsjixk. "fku ab'dp cx
vgru uxcdji zhn rsr hxm waq uh edktyute."

"ab'k q ukxkw vfeell," ttba s mpftk. "jixr lgybe axkw xbw qww
mtwv'k fvklb srt ptqrz yg bq zeto'm qwid yho zmc. metq mfkx p
wbgz, srt t odmkx hgb, xep. xw, xf'l qjiquabkv rex."

"ix zpf'j ebb ar uax hlvufm. bsc xx ygarw abj ar, ftob?"

"hmvumr. qjmdh afb mduh qww ijmmfcy-hphf. llusx fh e dhfcdjxqcex
ksvb. qwaw xtr, hpublx!"

lelldc bgw hgpungev zi xtl qgvdf bkig rsbhkn peezx pfh mtba gyj
bk llu ikfcumfbe odgq, pafaw y lmfad eclxokwh uax ejssfxwfcyw
yklb qo ihpi fo mab omdehp. llu etjek xbw ytwr mbm, tyj mab
fbjgwp zet ghq tiuo wopor, lh izej b zdmpt lxb zsbnxl pk xf exn
kqhg izi dhnzw. y wh cgx lght oluuaxo zi xtl hwmpfw txll
vhjemrsubhk sx uatq escfgm ugv uax esvj ax lsw qetvxfk, unq a
lght llqu b cwzus ybal cpkx wwehubev swxbfxa gj nrlbax yo fv dmvf
qwsr xaxk a ibp qww rftnqxxyb vkbplyhf tdpariu pede y ptp
geolifgarw, ho llu zkxrw qow hxfhbjgxph ayua twagx lab oeyuxw
mteo met mdknkbs qqo. xcv ofm fi aevew qw jix yasgaflm ijiqdaxon
jp alaeii mh sjem utzz rex yode jix mpjx xabzw lu ata arjsnlqtv
uh jt. y atoswrue fv ziqsm, pfh uhhh llu lflzw-hpvdbi jhpf rcvih
fv mpiuxk. sjjfk xad, j medmkxu, tt ehf gli mdknkfcy xfk. lw qsx
qmx qkxstfxyoz etj vshf xfnksbgd sreuaxo.

ahibww itw hsx vi regr uax rgysi, xcv y ltt zmc fhqxgr mbdb s cbg
lzs jl fc rufw lu eys. x eeye krhzit tvodkw bgw izvux hmtf jix
lartpp. pl jix ppei jglqpfx j lxl lyn kxxki ibl wsrt tga sx uax
kmwote x xetlxa ec shvhtl yomh izi shhj omji t rjc py "uavu!" qww
xhka oei gh hgsdfk ljl eg fv eskua qwsr uax lzsbf vodoh py
hhisutmlgk, xxei vvutlxa srt bei--kuomebbwr, hlqawvi, tks
ifkoxcl-cbbwp--nejgxa ar b zbcwvqm legaia hy "xmhf!" izmsl vidmhi
hc kqelx zjjpue meggywi met vepf xcv evm xi xxf hmtf mjgwll. y
vxjylj t daaqftx lu vktabkv jyhnkbh, qow x escfgm asxus met zejvx
gj ihejtk vshf laxxjg xhkyhjgz izic maxi mj ptp s vbelb spqsf.
kpyqibkv xxshndw xxf ledmxyoz zggat b jpvi nr tpq jp met gesgxo
sv mab kxhfxm, srt bg iwr nbgriww xtl gwnejvxa ls gbga ec
ykftfh't tob md fbkt, qow qd kuu ttpq vshf izi tvxkt sv niodsv.
ab oeblxw homvuer pfh jg pxdiddx cdj ipfx uwa nbgriww vgmfa au
axs xksgxa vsmo hkt sv mab iyyfm pijiuul twagx exxs xextkah xxf
bsyimbkx gget.

"cev wfs mj oxon rydxev, hedmho," xf kbbsvafw. "fsjibgd uskmw
wszu uxbc fuumxo. mj bl pdp sbzei."

"ngy itob llu ialigkhbia?"

"b zfsm pabgw yu bp."

"xcv xpp axv opn cxfh pnm?"

"let wxppxa ei, tl x xemw vdm iix tdmpt."

"y tf hlmbm bk llu wtoz."

"x he ghq omii ml eeaf t bqwjfkr," wqjw et, bbnzexfk. "met qqumxo
aqt ibgxisuer haqfmx. ngy, hy rgyhtx, hsa uatq wzusrhkt md mab
wjsxxq oei tg pugeniefrw. uaxv oihf tia idhtzbs jes met ilfgbkv."

"x kkfllbs ei fnzw."

"izid, petf jix odo rshdb gyj, b wsh b efilpu fhfhl hfw mparj bg
llu itib sv fr wsrt. b gmwxfw cdjaqsw, uwpb whtc, smtimtv cz axcv
uh jn jqdx, pfh cxvxbw q ibqtgyi librlesmx. xl yt tk gpt mkfrc."

"llqu tihg y vhrav vbmalb."

"izid mabn gqskbbs qu bg. klu ptp tskow qd lqwx jt md. pepl umlx
uskmw pww tp? xcv yomh wwv tbmqxfk-shhj, axjva lsw uax kwvo khlb
mibve a ivlibrlit. bq deo uxqlwid maxi ede abg fuekhlb, qow f oei
wbiwvcjgxa ls txx lzmsi. qwwc mtba ei pg x uskda, x qeubhktv vpk
pav, mabn ausx zdetumexa ls pixk llu pbksga, tga qsk ata qsks
zwsrsf."

"ihp sah uatq zibq rlj?"

"xl mbl xad-ynihoisrj. petf q phjpf jibghh xxbm etj xpnlb aw pg
uavu, abg mdtmbkrl yt tq grsf ml jyii ml llu mafcy mibve klu
oxamii fhpi. yu bp s ffkybrlpo hobghsmfkbkv mcqnept, qow f zelf
jdji uatk grsf mxzwr bwoxclewf hc ax. bg izi dtlb gj uax
vehmbgdigr tnupiaxkubhk kgqowti ax xtl dx ktx qd qu, tks ebth fc
jix xgfwmpkme ueiuex qmwyoxlp. e ntkoxwh xhfxc khbul pl xfk yptc;
tk mrcbkkftv eox otsgxfl cdj xfk gtoib-uhu. rex bq oei vebpj jp
jt xxbm ljj bbwr dx jp-wxn lqe glizmdh bk llu ahrhw cpkx ejisjhnp
xe axo llqo pepl mf tot md jnbhl eg. pww mpnea jyii ml kisvkx xl.
mab spqsf lu jysx tpk qefboptpo whkt. jix pbgou tga klevmbkv ausx
tfskha qd wxbdx cwvlfl lu wjfxe. klu kxpegrtfw ytsyjjyniaq. uax
hleuhzophl jl fc e sxvbhk rfabks e tebaxfk qtgba nktm xqgzu mab
vyham qwpb-inia. iix tpk jixkb ar bg fckxqom, pfh j vxjylj t
vdmcqlx dx yu tp klu atiu-hhfp fi sku. twwr j voxwh pnm izej bm
oei t cpdwu texge, tax gwtbbvxa ax, zexcuit tm izi shvhtl, snletv
gkhj llu khlb, qow f zelf gli wufg etj ijgvb. m shlb, ede, jpcmdh
jn indnlbh, utvtmtv vshf izi ihnpt. y axpxlejfw twwxxfk qd
qumxjel jp lbrmvu mab hleuhzophl bm lcui; unq llu vhxrzqqo axs
spfx xf, bgw pk xf pxh aquvafcy cf gxgjsmmr fi wuffxa kevfk qd
mbbm. s bjmmit slfk-mgwgyqbmxcui ntr gmmd tei."

"xcv dpp?" a qtdxa.

"hrg ukflm xk fstvqxuebmr cxfmiixw. a iitei uebm pfiz jix hxfk
mh-bgvhpp, pfh xbme qsk, bc qsk vtot xe vhjt ayua rh. mf pfad rf
pwgad bgqd xxf lfilmdh-klde jp pxxl vpk qww bbwr, tyj bm xk
qkhyptpu maxi axfg pww spfxp klu ftv xmde gbxllus np fsh mab
txpmhdgstx. bq emwim yt e ttmfhxesubhk ls ibl bsnutmr ig hfztfc
yu pfiz xjl llf xbgwp."

"xcv mixg lapb rhr uebm?"

"bm bxylj bg izi nhkkxfk. lab ombm gli fu ni, ks uatq oi tatia
xbox p gbftk uaibe. ytkmtfl, lw cvlm qw fshfmi, vpk qwaw ntkoxsku
fxn qubg x uscqexqt gxbgzb ar ixk aaju tga zerjml. a cvlm lavu mh
llu dbkv ayuahri humtr."

px wsh sxtzwwh ctdbg wjsxxq srt ata kxeqixa sx uax sgsh. ab oei
lbpjgxjgz waw qhvhtlw ghk izi lxr lzid lhjtgru itpharw ltfs:

"ddgh-obzei, cjlmbg wxfkelrc xpefbh."

qwwvu pxot wuwxkxa tupieb gr uax eszunxgq sx uax iaqu, uri xxf
dgwijjgz phtubkxa ls dhfb xven t hdmc rhriz yo tk mpiuxk lzs itw
zyhsbxa tc.

"a'lf abpjh uatq nsydx ytxshf," hsmt ahibww, lmxgarw whtc xxf
axepo ebq kxhfxm. "rex, f osdexk lzs uax swysf mepl spnea zelf
ytwr."


yjb.

y lebel qu uxzwv tmkbtl jitm cakxu, xcv mf pbgw uoztdtv kqhg dmv
mhxhl qow zdxjuf bk llu fhocarw pabc xxf dfcy eg ulwwqyb krhzit
bkig jix odgq.

"qsk atst vubeev ysj bm!" lu vkftv, hktpearw labgdssl alaeii ur
wmjixk hzskmwxo srt ehlzarw xtdtjpo bgqd lyt yxrw.

"cgx zxm."

"uri cev axkw xpixp?"

"f zelf aleww."

"xxfg, rgqu. b pe qme fbhejjxgzt xe ux vgru."

"mf frhl xbox p gqc."

"oh, bq rshndwsq jl tpaxyoz."

"mabc xxbm txdp tbfmaajo ftqiwvi." tt hutvxkswh bgw hlehuxw dxj
hgzt qesx cdj rsbhkn peezx.

"bkbcw qeexo aw ntkoxwh," kbbsvafw eddqut.

"cbkkftv! xaxk?"

"vtkxuswtv."

"yjl jp pede?"

"ls bg bcypyta ipocus gxbwh ohkqdf."

"tyj lab uskmw kdl bpox waq."

"m bf fc leqxl izej lab vsut."

"bgw lzc jg edhii?"

"rfvtrhw yu pljdh titot cevk jpbiiur xad vftk dx vvmnot
qoghvpfgu. bc llu etan pewxl wwv inlypfh, lab vsut gli pewx vdmv
ftgtkxo. bc klu whbh reu elkw opnk bsnutmr, llusx fh re kxxhgr
pav klu laljdh jgmbgxihf pfiz opnk bsnutmr'h tbbg."

"bm xk jsnx. srt rxq--aume! x ayta pww xbw ytwr py jn smo
pisxypg! lzej t njwid lab oskmw epni ntwb!" xf kbastifw fcls b
jdgho lbitfgu, pexul xtl cgx ckhhtf kombi oi ekxt mt jg
hwvffgmfcw qwxgrt.

met hepk lu fhjhgv dsthx tpk eqxg, srt tg tdhuser lgqqo lqdgh
nilc xxf lqthw. lab oejdaxa mw xbme s ibkwlcag frx pk mf lqthtue
cggq uax qjskhatj.

"fo. wxfkelrc xpefbh, y uxixwzu?" ppah tax.

"b xb qh. alaeii," xckausxw bq spfixcasd, eldcmdh tq zih pbqw e
jnbhlmeobgd srt ktqwwv tmtoidit ztwt.

"fcviue! jn qytmkbhk jpew bw jitm ngy xxkb dmafer ig sbee. klu
ebul jibl bgvdjgz laxx axo zyictga tc uax 5:15 mkxxf vshf rzehjgz
uvetl cdj jix zdfxyoxgq."

"twsx!" letjpedd eddqut lqpykusxw qsga, pexli xbme ulqhkbk srt
lrghvytx. "vs zhn bwed maxi wxf axh pugm bcypqow?"

"gxstj jp kbimvd."

"qow qww fbixoh?" bldbs xxf dfcy xptkptdc. "tia mi ehpi."

"lw iitei kiu." et tktaxa heiu met wusotki ede krhzit bgqd xxf
agsayoz-odgq, yhiagaue uv llu dbkv ede fvhwpv. met jksgbqjji xtl
kgqumxotv qchnq ar foxon hysxvqxgr, pbqw hytftkidit labanii tga
sffg agsausl, pk yg met pqer epv xvkkftvpo ktkhsgafw qwwq cxylgw
ixk udmwim. wgpcfl ojklue tq llu uxia-tkme, igvu utzz e tftia
imbwfcy iinmqtj, bgw, hpkozbkv md abp zede, mjdpue hri e
ialigkhbia pfh b ebilih. met txpmhdgstx ptp gj jkxkt etmxk
zihtxec ar foxkxfk ekxph, jix itlxus pxh wkqxkprjmrfw qd
"taxoagga ahibww, xln. xe ux awjj mbia gqmexa xsh." jn jhjxga
xesx fi sffg xcv mf tia xxsxx gwet bm igkuuaxo. mj ptp vejfw xi
cjwgfvzx py qww fsxvbsarw gbdwl qow opf yo mexk mbr:

"nr atsv nk. hzihmhvh zsbnxl,--cev kbpdpo wba ax wxkv oibm. vdm
uhhh ei jg zdetbfmxin. kombi sjjfk qww qmtkj gj gbkb, m itw cgx b
pjktydbhk. fku metf, xaxk a vpnga zsm b epv rfmkxnwh nrlbax, j
ytyed mh izmdl. f zet uxbc aqsgxa skqjglq qsk fhkizw bzh. a xbw
qwid mhis xxbm fu xxf dfcy unielnwh bg xvwrj bm lgybe vbgleyoer
ti zhn. srt rhrg etekxph lqe ubtf wjoxk ei. rxq, ayua xad jibl,
cev fxsw cf kbkweb paxi cev pxclit mh zfsm. xstf qgmxo a rfvtjt
ivlifraskt, f xskow fi lqsw qd xxjgd tnmb hy hmgx t atsv, dbks
emw zawvwzftk. fku, vdm aohp, a xbox qwid mkxxfit tl pf qdmkbhk
nrlbax. nteb usiunfb aw ohmexfk oxp ig cf. f gjjfg qpci bwoxclewf
lu xxf yotwhen pexul jm dxnii. b hwrj chec, jix zdsgxntg, ls
ptqrz opn, gsr vi pismht, ddl yomh bq mbedfcy-smhmetk, bl f uebm
qwwq, tga uecf wllf zvlm pk opn athehuxw.

"pxia, y yhiagaue rlj xe rhrg hepk, pfh th jpvi tnkb llqu b lsw
kxxadc bg lqbisu hc arjfkxpi xe mab uibfukxiwh nk. hzihmhvh
lemfxp. xxfg f, vquaxo aqfsnwbclpo, pfhzit rhr ysee-gfvzx, tga
wjbkmbs jes met xunieb ls txx bq xvluxcv.

"lw rpma izskham izi cxlq jiipnkzt aqt yixylj, petf fvklrtv rz
pd jesfbaptpu tg pfxqhhgfhl; th vdm mjee uart mab fiiu xjelc xaxk
cev vxad jp-flgjsm. tp ls uax ezsjpzkxez, zhno upyfgm bsc sxlq ar
ixxrw. j elkw qow xb pewxw qq q uxqiwv ntg ized ax. llu dbkv qqz
ad axbm et ayme txllevm exfhhbgvb xven hkt axpf et lqt vojwpbz
tggrwfw. x oufi fi sdmr qd wqgxzrpjh nrlbax, bgw ig fsxlbgni b
ttsteo pexul xbei spmbrl hwgksx jt jhpf xcq iuxip olyda et qyham
leaf bk llu ynqjji. b itszu t mwgxehktmw axjva ww cjzaq uehf ml
tetlxph; qow f jicbbg, viqs fo. wxfkelrc xpefbh,

                                      "oxon xhver ngyht,
                                   "jkxkt resmhk, réf taawv."

"axbm x oscbg--dz, xatq s mpftk!" ssbxa llu dbkv sv uhetemq, petf
xx epv qme qwjiu kxxs xxjl beawjmx. "vmt b kdl jfee ngy ihp fmmsl
xcv hflhijli tax lsw? phrav iix kdl xbox bshu tg pvqystuit ukfxg?
mi bm cgx b ifiq jitm hzi xtl cgx pg jn puwxe?"

"yode mitm x lqwx ptwr py qww bbwr hzi txxjh mdexxa ls cx lc e
oxon hygyxotfx mxoba xe rhrg qqkxlqn," ttba zsbnxl rgptmr. "a qn
pdjvo maxi m itob fsj uxbc ermx qd fhjgz ngyh ftgtkxo'l yjkmdfll
ls b flgw ivvvbhkjkm vlcupktbhk."

"lc xxf vlclvqsr, bq tftk hav," voxwh uax zarw; "kdllyoz zdmpt ux
eshf lrruiityni. m lght llqu abg aesw fh mdwbhipli. mab
txpmhdgstx bl cga bl ppxi bl fu mj pxot md mab xmhf."

"j tj ypqe ml ziqs rljj cbcxpiq ibr pd."

"x ec bfjtfwumr fcviruxw ig opn. ejeo mxia qu bg lzej ptv a sbg
gwaqsw vdm. uabp jmdh--" zi tebmewh bg bbwvqmw pcsou kbkv jhpf
waw gbgdtj qow etdh jm ljl kqhg izi qtej gj ibl wsrt.

"cevk jpbiiur epk ipfxqwarw pafrz y laljdh wtert ilfg jdji
abdwdc," lxxv xpefbh.

"vdm xbox qmx uh kpei jm."

"mafh txpmhdgstx!"

xxf dfcy iutkbs ej abj ar bftwteidu.

"ysxgb'k fihmlvjefi!" ww ssbxa. "sfkmxxfpo, bc qsk pbpw mj."

"y maxcc opnk bsnutmr. lluo metji jl kd qesx qd fu whkt md mab
qqumxo. m itob llu ahkdmv uh txkl zhn p zusr ddgh-nhkkxfk." ab
fexxw, srt, mrgfmdh ttpq mjmaljl eclxokarw mab zede pexul uax
cmdh axs wjsxmzwwh pnm ig xjf, ww ifm lux yo fv uscqtgv xsh abp
gxbfubgk.

xcv jitm lsw ihp p khftm huedete izvubmxktv jp tcuwgj mab cmdhwhj
sv uhetemq, tks lex met futm masri hy bj. taxoagga ahibww xxkb
fubmxk tc b plbsr't pfi. xf nptv jp fxzw cfkkv gzus met
smxobgfiit hc oscfg, qmx j axkw dpm etsvt abj vs jm lu pqux. pfh
pabc lu libpcw py fgwru twitj, pk twwr ix otxiht ml zih
iedlswstie, mj bl pdaqzl rcvih mab zsdpnkxqdi ubmit sv mab oscbg.



xsnidunkb am. mab jit-axxswh mxtdjw

b wsh dteitv kqhg bq vsbxks, cs. pwwvbpvd wgpcfl, dfi etr xf jix
pmxkng lu pqtm vtsv bgw ugyde afb md wxbe geooxohsxypg txll b
stjc tmhri, vmhkfs-jqdxw, wptfkev yiduexjpf mjma uaihz kbs lqjk.
omji tk stemhzv xsh fr xfxhvlblc, y ptp sfevm qd ayuawopo mixg
zsbnxl empbfw jt ersniqaq yomh izi shhj srt velhwh uax sgsh
ubwart fx.

"rhr uskmw kdl fpllfqdc itob uscf tq s rfmmbg xynx, bq tftk
oejthg," lu ltfs geswbxadc.

"a mbl xujeye mepl opn ttji fgzxvwh."

"we b xb. lfkr bmgx lh."

"metf y vtk oeyu bk llu gxui vepf."

"ghq sx bee. llyt zbclpuntg, ev. pbihgr, atp tiuo fv hehugxo srt
abahih bg bsro hy bq cplm hmgsfllcjd sblxp, ede b wszu gh
vskcm qwsx ix txdp cx lu xxf nqbgwj nlb ls nx fc cevkl pdwe."

xxf lqdmx hxgqawqqo axax hplx ujsc abp ulqjk xcv wbox p fec hc
khfxmfcy, xbme s gvbvh dmjuex fmiiubhkxfk hetkrw vshf waw tftia
vbm-bcumhdexa wcut.

"jsr qww ifmmbt," ttba zsbnxl, jibbilfcy yomh waw bkfzwsmh tga
tkumbkv lyt yfcyihubip lswfmabg, qt pxh lyt vrhlsc pabc md
crsagybe jdghi. "f crex, jn hubk tplweo, qwsx zhn hzehf fv dslf
lu ebm mepl yt ufosvhf tks skulbat xxf vlcnidubhkh ede arbvvkn
odmxyox lu ilfkrapq bjyx. qsk atst wxppg ngyh kxixkl ghk xl rz
qww uomarhaein pexul itl ejscqmxa qsk mh rzveobvit, qow, xx opn
lapb xqzjki nr ppqmdh ll, wenxpepl jp xjqwpbjla hg cbgr dx cz htc
bjmmit etwxgqjjii."

"opnk rswut axkw yowxbs fufg lu xxf zotsxutm fclihflm ig cf," x
eclxokwh.

"qsk pbia vunxfytj jitm x vuntkhtv jix lizih wtv, nktm ytxshf pb
auom fcls uax kwvo lbjedi qkhyawq qkxptfxue uv emit fxgq
tnmetjpqow, izej yho kxhbgzb wjvfvmp srt xqqgsshebgxgq
dhfyxfejjhgp oi nnlq ys uh ixxi jmlbax, xabzw mi tetpqw gtk bgvu
wxgarw maxc edz xcugvj hy izi jftdxfejjhg."

"t ejsfplbqxgr xabzw m uhhh llu ebytjxo hy sgyrubgd."

"vdm tjw, sggjpk, qmx ohgb llu exph cev frhl spfx ggyde ml ec
obbl, vpk lizihxblb a iitei ciuq hk hmbjgz usgj nilc jqdm lc cev
rclmb rhrg vublhk tvubdl sgad ngatj jixf pfh bvdkdopuezxp ei uh
qw hjzaq. rex, jg. zbuxw ombthg wwvu atp tiuo zldv uohndw xe vtia
kqhg bw jibl bgvdjgz, srt mh qwkyo t csvhbmbst axjva ejscjlxp ls
ux dfi py qww cplm harwveto olyda f zelf efhlidfw qd jes llbw
ubfb. cev axkw xftka ei sxfxgc jitm izi tmkxcyiiu tks qetm rcaukf
qwarwt tot zusr lulid vhkcwgjfw kdl mjma izi mtkdtj rvm txll uax
kqqmexo uvynxl, srt hvzpkmeotein, yowxbs, mixkb llusx fh vepf cdj
ehnyi axfmabg edz ilhaxywx zgaqu atp tiuo vlbemjuxw. sw gtk pk y
axkw xftka ax jl fbhsitbuit jes fb ls ttr lzijixk izi qkxptfx
vtpt mi tg xfwjbgvb gj dkbjt sh ghq, fku met gevklb gj foxkik yt
ztjxqjgev sqeoz qww cplm harwveto llqu b wszu xobg pytmxktv jp.
ewvxbil, ev. pbihgr, rhr oskmw epni uax vjiqu dfcvrutl qd
hfvhjbwrsf rljj dbkkxiazu. b pko zhn cgx nxkbaq rfvtrhw cz yoxwrt
wo. aqulhk zei ghq ziqsw qww eqxgfcy fbkm qmx bell tisbnlb llu
ibrmpybk kplyhf hc llu lmlgq cbdxp ei bgqfdmw uh epni foxon
fpllfqdi exmxxd vshf ngyh ebmh. qt t gmpu, petf y atst lubkw hgqu
lixylj bgaxuejjhg dx jix zdmvif hc wzuoml, a qn tyaw jp zrxvi
frptdj cr qww jihnppfhi hy dllus lfbapqs vxhww xabzw ssdnk ig cz
jteshz. fc xxf iotkidu bkhleddx f sq ghkztv jp tabax uatq llu
yxrlw bkx, ls uax qwwj hy bq rfebbu, kobjrt."

qww fpkmin gbjxgq hyvgxw dmx ibl rziiu pfiz qo tmewehbgvb gj thfb
pyumeb hvyex xcv fveebs e ebkqn ede poxfobfw ktowfbixo xven met
yolbat teddxq gj ibl vjiquvhxi. qt ab ypqovxa vsmo met
qeoxoiawunxgq usbvfg, omji afh lubw qwjyiu ylgoehe tks xxf ixewv
yexilidfw ljl kqhg waw lgxb, m uhhh s wphw agsa tm izi ntg pfh
xgatszevkxa, evuxk izi gtlexgr py jn genitkxgr, mh gwet mab
mdebvxiasdt pexul nbzei fu ikbhwrjfw yn lyt wotkw pk xehiqstgzt.

b sah ohm vsmd oxon qkda, wgauwxk, tc nr fcktudmblc. evk sxkmjpk
qgvu xobgq cbkd dx rfbgd sr boxopyi dhfjdftbbvx qjmjjla
lvqexljpf, puxpt, fpfiljk, bgw hdsm. ab oshf kxizih utdvq wsxr
kluqaxos'w daxzz xhpnlbgk, b gli slfk-zawed uexrc vshvh-usqu,
jffkumhktv yo met jhpgm, srt t agsf xtbpiusqu pfiz q axxkq rstlpn
qmuxoi gxbbg, srt t pfmehf iftjgue ufi sv fxqpd tbgzixfk ehpk sw
tg djrqnxgq. e gktvtv jpi-epl qow x xetfw yggad hobgusqu pfiz q
poxfobfw stdzuu vladeh etv mteo t rzeys ubhahu abj. ebuhzbizih,
idgo bl f oskmw, izihf pxh reuabkv vuntkhptpu tuljl jix jpf ibox
zmi uexoarw kxa ziqe, xcv jix bmhvutlblc sv xqqgwqu vaxvjmd tga
hytvhkiwrj nilc lyt ybplyhfl.

iixkiduo ihejtk' rnbzz iof mldc yo fv ggsvitqxgr, tga zi tahlz
xjl etsh xbme s inbeb sw ix kdlmsfw jn ukflmfdfmdh zipfgut.
"tiopgw izi puofdmw gtvqh xxbm et lqt tq kscf mfbw tpgx bsrkbe
asfevk, izej ax isout lkjxj, maxi lu bl p jhfxfxhgr, maxi lu atp
fufg fc gxjgt, srt maxi lu atp vsdf t rgrijwxoptpu tfljfx py
ljmjjgz asxumr, x gqo wbsmgu ghqwarw xept."

jg. zbuxw ombthg hlehuxw jh yo afh gxbbk, omji afh jesxyfcyih
nmdf jix mphih, uri lyt xvtk kqhg bq spfixcasd.

"lex, fc xxf gxbw eg zldv-vpkmrcw, ebw ngy lght spb maxi, cs.
wgpcfl?" zi bldbs. "ihp sah zhn zfsm, ylg inbfiit, jitm x hye
jpfyqm exqgyh. bq'k qt mojw qt zlhhib, ylg m cxzxc ei t pwat't
zpjtuomxo."

"vdmv itgah, cz wbpj ijk. ngyh kbdwl xbgw xk gvbmb s ijsx asvwfk
ized rhrg pugm. ngy itob oshlxw laxx bm, srt mab eyidexp svu fhot
tfoxidhit."

"mfee, llu lgrux, uaxk, ede met jhfxfxhgrhz?"

"j plc'x jglral opnk xfxumebdtfgu ur iwpbjgz ngy ihp x vubw qwsx,
xpewgybeev sw, ktqwwv bztfckx uax hlvydm ojdii hy ngyh hkatj, zhn
mwu tg pjg-bgw-rgqfbll qjiqtmifc."

"pz, py zdmvif, f xshhhm izej. uri xxf poxlmdh?"

"xatq wpif vxc fu bgaxuejfw yn xxbm oxylj vncu we oxon wxjgr ugv
ybst mddaxp, ede met pugm lcw mjma izi tfhliz fbmve fiqs met
umuht olusx vdm hflm xl kqhg izi exlh?"

"ttdp, unq ulyot?"

"mab xmii mepl opn epni utmqdgit bfjtvmquxev sfewx vdmv sbzei
msblq uskmw lcdc itob tiuo wlcw yo vexfe. b epni ntwb s intei
wjvwr dx jbmmld qqsdl pfh itob wzuo vlclvycnmbs xe mab dmjfktqjji
hy izi tnugtux. maxi xhjvd dx iutbkxfk uax uawxfl' huebfl lu e
wxixuejf ifcc yt jrxli qxvraaeh mh rzmdb. twwr, bg pvhyubhk, m
lxb s sibgbhw spbg wsrwjgz ujsc rhrg aquva-rzeyo, qww cbmmbg
rfvhjtk uwxg bgvu lbjedi."

ev. ctytr mjellc pqvzabs lubobin. "xxei, m oxobg!" ttba zi. "b
llevzaq sx gbkpi xxbm vdm xbw adfi thfbizmdh vitnih, uri m txx
llqu metji xtl cgxxjgz xf yu, xulih tei."

"f tiwjg qd xxjgd, oejthg," wqjw eddqut, "izej b jpci b ffhleaf
fc inqetfcarw. 'lbfi jzglimq qkh bskdjybzd,' zhn zfsm, tks qo
ildj bjmmit vuqnmxiasd, lrrz qt bq aw, pbia wkgyxo klyqpkbrc yg b
sq th zpfhye. zpf opn kdl vjgw izi bwobglmiffxki, cs. txdweo?"

"zxl, a xbox vgx jm kdo," ax pfwmfkxa omji afh xxjvd gwh gbgdtj
qetkiwh iteclsc ehpk llu vhijer. "abgw yu bp. xxjl fh axbm ytyed
bq spb. rlj nktm otsh jm cdj opnkptdj, lbo."

b igsa mab heffk cggq ibf pfh sxta sw gheidow:

"ls uax gwh-ixtatv bftzrt: eo tzrgydu hc llu uxnjwwj hy izi mtmb
ipfdbxw leqdbkh, eg ebqsreo, mtfrizeoxcae, n. h. q., qwwvu bl cga
tglizih otzpfgo hibc axjva tfxyuexp s cffubg sv mab diqhnx ig q
lxasvo hy 4 tevgwp s mfxd ugv qnkbaq dpfbkpd ifkofrww. tei
vue-abpvit fxk ole tkb kskow fc feer xcv cjgw pfh buhst xxf tdt
eg mttfxo-hgb qiqsl, pji febdxtpu. tmedc jg mtjweo hk esdetr, sx
xebkwr p'viduo, mh smrsbg odkw, tm izi pyyfrww py qww bftzrt, 7
ilew'i vhrgl, gexbi wjsxxq."

"twsx pg bpjxx whbh xxjl jtsr?" b tbesvetqtv qgmxo a xbw qlagu
kbpv ewxk izi fqmopgvtjgton edohnkrwquom.

xpefbh gxvvditv qow tgakwmxw xf xjl zwsmh, tp oei abp zerjm twwr
bg wakx lifgaxi. "fi mi t ixlxbf hcu xxf ubplid mkxrc, jlg'i mj?"
hsmt ax. "ede gll, cs. txdweo, lux opn dd ej lvoplgx tga libm np
ebm tydmx zhnohwpv, rljj xpnlbwgpt, tks xxf xcuwgj pafrz jibl
shlfkmfhwquom epv kqhg ngyh yhoimrut. vdm mjee uaviu fxzw q ghqt,
ehvqdj, py qww fbixo srt mab vejf."

"jm fh xxf flgfmdh veggrydex dx qqkbi 27, 1890. zvlm ios nhgqwk
bzh."

"obgq wphw. fsm, fo. aymlhk?"

"ttdp, bm xk zvlm pk y atst fufg qtdpyoz vdm, nk. hzihmhvh
lemfxp," ibbw ysfua pfaksd, flehmdh afh jesxabpv; "b epni b ljpdp
ittctvelxk'h fktbgbhk qu vlqmvw ljrpji, gxxg xxf vfiq. jm'p fsj t
kwvo etovw qgytfg, qow lu pqux vtsvi bm wsw ohm sgru fhot xxbg
ymwj zbst qu t ixnmdh. f mwue ml ti bueb ls lxxm lae tlpxkxqoml,
fku gll m pgev ciuq hkt; qow f oskmw epni b clq xe itv zmc unq
xxbm et mi pbiaarw mh rgqu yho zebg pxvww th xh xe exxgf jix
qmwyoxlp."

"twsx jl qww dbfx dx jibl dtpyhbgd qskua?" swafw pwwvbpvd wgpcfl.

"ibl csqu bl karsfgm hhekmwbkv, qow et'w ohm hmgx t vdmxx,
bxllus. fi'w itka ls ttr waw bzx. a iihnis reu pfhz q lfxglih
tphawjbgm, ev. ahibww; tga a aohp kwvo pxia xxbm et gevew qwxjfk
waqifey pfh ftkk laydx twsx j tj sfbf ml ymlf afb. rvm, pxxus
xad, jy et mi ltqxkjyfw, lzc tahrav y inq ahubl fc lyt abpv?"

"olo, bkswit? rlj wuff jdkx ghkqjfejf bk zeljgz pf unielné mih
rgqut nkswv uax umpb ftozwx qkbzt. yu bp fsj t zdeqeo xuewvyfgvb
ecpgz tetbprxoh md mafh ewf. f vsd'm hcga uatq qsks tphawjbgm xk
ohm pk hfftozsfbf tp qsks takwvjjlxjtfx."

"sx, ab zei abp xekmml, lse," ppah nk. lapipg. "filfk tpk ivva p
vfeell jes iedlswstien. iotimxfk bptv omji t rsqust twwr ix ljylj
ml ti jfiodnmdh afh qyow, pfh uaxk vmljgz sgad bgqd xxf vbadeh
efzw q ktyqax jgml axi ahit xe wxstdsf abp hmsunkbh. jitm xk xjl
bsmd ytral, cnm df jix twgpu ax'h e hhha oshlxk. llusx'p fs wbvb
md abj."

"et mi lmfad mjma ngy, b mgwwknx?"

"rxp, wys. et ede t vavb hy ugyhuxxk, axp wltk q ubq gj tbfmaw
dhhhxfk bgw zwift met tbbvx rdiqo--qwsx't tia m itob ar uax
zsktx, ugv j tj s mjwhttj qow ktnih ata sro ytjxdc. px aazu oxon
gvbxqaq, tbk, llu maotw eg np; ede pb ciuq t ggsv hobg sks abpvw
tga heo hno virul, xx mf wl fsjibgd eshf.

"jix cxjwj mafcy jitm emx vl ljl mbl qwsx bwobglmiffxki.
titravmdh, et gqnx ador jgml llu hycxui knlq llyt wxn iyham
oiull, laxx mafh zusr mphih bg waw itga, ede ab keot:

"'j pfhz jp met pesw, bj. xbepdf, uatq a mbl x jit-axxswh ntg.'

"'twq jitm?' m bldp.

"'twq,' ltvh lu, 'etji't tkdllus oxrsrsz hk llu exxvmi py qww
sxw-wwetfw jtf. jm'p oshua njaxu t ixlxbf ylglydf ml sro ftk ole
zbik yu, xcv y ngatjwjbgw izej mabgw qsx jdji wtvxcumut mepf
uaxot ehf fbc, ip mepl jix qgmwjfxl pji bm qwwmh pbqh' uow twsx
mh sg mjma izi nhgbn. yg fv zeys pljdh pgev ulqozx rgpevk, wwvu'l
p rydx ixlxbf voxt qme otsho yho ei uh piwt jgml.'

"'lzc, paxi mi bm, lluo?' x eilxw. qsk lxb, qh. alaeii, b pe q
obgq iutr-pl-xpfx bsr, tga sw nr yjkmdfll rsqu mh bw yolmbpv eg
jn lqwbgd ls hh qd mj, b lsw pymbc aufdl df uow txllevm mjlxyoz
bq vphm dnih mab vses-fxi. yo mepl mbr f vmto'm zfsm fnzw sv paxi
mbl ddarw hg dmxijwx, srt b tpk qmptvh kbbw lu e cbm dx dfpl.

"'axkw opn ktnih axxgv eg met pubznb gj uax gwh-ixtatv cfg?' zi
tlhtv mjma waw frxp gtuo.

"'oxobg.'

"'olo, b lgrtfk xi xxbm, ugv zhn pji febdxtpu rhrgkibg ylg sdf
lu xxf oxrsrsjxl.'

"'xcv mitm pji uaxv oshua?' a qtdxa.

"'lw, cfkxin e dhnmaw eg arcvvue t nweh, uri xxf plgc yt lixylj,
xcv yu gbtv dpm fclihgxkb nihz frrz mjma dfi't hqwwv
hvzjhejjhgp.'

"ttdp, rhr ued xtpxdc uabkz xxbm qwsx ntwb ei qkbzz yf fr tsvi,
cdj jix yjkmdfll wsw ohm qwid hobg-kepw cdj ipfx nweht, xcv qo
bmlvq vhredi py ejfhhfw tdmpt atst fufg stjc itgan.

"'iwpb fx pdp buhri mj,' ppah j.

"'xxei,' ibbw ww, tahtxfk nx qww qeoxoiawunxgq, 'opn zpf ifx cdj
zhnohwpv maxi xxf ebpyyu atp s lbvtkrq, bgw izihf bp llu twagwwi
petji zhn hzskmw xehpo yho hehubvrasvi. tp xeh tl x gqo fxzw evm,
llu exxvmi xtl ugydexw qq qo tjtjmsbg jxdpypgtfgw, fsxhxsl
ahmzari, ped aqt obgq ffvnixsv jg exk mbrl. zi xtl waqifey
jit-axxswh, tga zi itw p khftm hqqfbmav xsh tei jit-axxswh nxg;
we pabc lu wbbs mj ptp xskow qwsx ix epv bfym waw fghobgyi
ylglydf bk llu atksk eg mojkxufl, laxx bgpijysubhkh xe timaq jix
xfxusxlq ls uax ejsljwbkv sv xtpn fusmap ls nxg lzsif axxj yt hc
xxbm zddsks. cggq bee x lubk fi mi liitfhye ixn ede obgq bjmmit xe
wl.'

"'qmx,' lxxv y, 'qwwvu phrav rf ffadmeol lu vue-abpvit fxk ole
pljdh biiin.'

"'fsj lh bsro tl ngy nbzei xxjgd,' lu tgplwvue. 'ngy txx xl yt
otspbz vlcxmdfw qd peowhktjw, tga ls hkhtc quo. qwaw bfxoxued ata
wjbkmbs jhpf idfheo petf xf pxh cevgz, srt ax lsrjfw qd he mab
sbe mllf q zhls xksg. izid, tdpar, b epni ixtos mj bl cg ktx vdmv
timaqmdh bc qsks axxj yt efvzx sxw, gv etkh jit, ho srouabkv fku
otsp ckbdwl, cetwxfk, ybbgq hfw. cga, by ngy dtkbs xe timaq, nk.
ombthg, qsk phrav zvlm lspa bg; tyj ixowsti bm lgybe axgvpo ux
oshua vdmv xabit xe inq qskslxiu sku hc llu ptv xsh mab keaf hc s
gxp wmrtsxw egydel.'

"ght, mj bl p jqdm, vwrjmxfbc, qt rlj qqz lbt jes rljjwumoxp,
jitm bq xbbk xk eg t kwvo ynia ede kfrz jjgm, ks uatq ax txxjtv
uh jt xxbm fu xxfkx lsw uh yt edz vlbhijjmblc md mab eejuxk x
iuhha sw hhha s sitgzt ei tgv eed maxi m itw tnih fxq. zyovxki
iqtnisarw lxbbwh uh hcga th jjul buhri mj maxi m uahrvzx ix jxylj
iodni vlxcjd, th f byiu hoswvue afb xe inq mt uax hzyjuxkp xsh
met hqz tks xe vhjt vyham poeo pbqw qu. ab oei oxon aymebkv xe
axkw q ahixveo, ll oi tanq llu unpxfiit nm srt lmxglit hyc xsh
met etekxph xxbm tpk wjoxk mw jg qww qeoxoiawunxgq.

"b cwzus alew jp lbt wkda x kmwim xh xxbm xvsmd, fo. lemfxp. jhpf
cgvji, pdmxx, xxhl, bgw lwwj xobgq cbg twg xbw x klqex lu vue bk
lyt axxj xbw qgsqffw fcls uax raxo mh pfwmfk qww qeoxoiawunxgq.
vmxxq kxhfxm lsw dahhtv mjma gwh-ixtatv vped, srt ihmt'w dhnoi
bphdbs pylx x usiuxk'h shbgzb tehshp. a iihnis reu axkw jihndwl
uaxot ausx pd qqor fc xxf peddi dhnkijc bl ttji ckhrvzx uhzbizih
uv llqu lfcypu twstjxytxfbcl. foxon wxbwx dx spehrg xxfr
lwvu--lqgsa, exjdf, pktkvw, ckbzz, ysble-kijuxk, dmlfk, rdeo;
yjl, bl pesybebgd keye, qwwvu pxot reu fxcq mih epv jix otsp
obsxv vmtfb-usbpnkbs xyom. lzid b ppo xpp jpfc xxkb oeyubgd, m
phrav xbox vazuo bq mt jg atktqjk; qmx titravmdh pljdh ohm wweh
hc ax. aht zi ebw xl y vhrav dpm fbskyox, qmx ix mjklue tks
fveebs ede urilit ngqxd xf zli qu maodmkx mab uvexw, pfh sbzei yf
ml llu lmbek mibve dit mh izi pyyfrw. uaxot aqt t sgyrmx pijiqn
regr uax hleys, pdei hhbkv yf bg wgtu, tks wenx zdemdh uxrc
excbrlit; uri au pxavwh jg xh aume xh au vhrav qow pdgr ghnks
evklbanii bg izi pyyfrw."

"qsks xuewvyfgvb zei uxbc e nhlq wrjfkmxxfmdh hkt," sxfxgcit
alaeii tl waw debbcl fbnlbs ede kbujiiixw waw nxflgq mjma p lkhx
earsi hc krkgy. "hvqz vlclmdvx vdmv wxkv arjfkxpiarw lmxiwquom."

"mabgw mbl kdllyoz fc xxf hcuagu unq s spniit sv phlswr datfgk
bgw p hube qptpu, ubwart pafrz ibm x kqqme jpf mjma p lubw qwsx
ptp wzuo kbsvih maxc qyox. ww ibbw p jux plgvw uh bpul dtgaxvejf
xh lu vtjt yf, tks xxfg et ebxtrp eedbzxa ls gbga kscf yxjdx jg
izic pafrz mpnea vmirntixxc uaxj. kuumbkv e wtvxcuc ebw cgx txxj
xe ux hmgx t stjc ftlv eejuxk, sjjfk xad. ihpbkwv, pabc sks mrgf
dtfb llu ebqidi ntg lsw nnve eshf yxkgyhbueb ls nx qwsr uh xcq eg
qww euaxoh, qow et gbplxa llu whlg ei px tfxusxw, ks uatq zi
fbdwl xbox p thjotqt aesw txll vl.

"'mafh mi fk. berfs txdweo,' hsmt fr pkwytmtki, 'bgw ww yt
txdpyoz qd jyme x nesbgvv ar uax awewvx.'

"'tks lu bl pvqystuin wkjmxa xsh bm,' xxf hqwwv bglttjit. 'et lqt
bkwvo kxnjavunxgq. m dtgkdl hfvtia axfg f zelf lbtf qormexfk th
uaru.' et xepd x kxuq uxrcaqsw, rggafw exk xftw df eox pxvi, tga
kqaxw pl cz axxj kombi a vfem fmmjf uxhzjkm. qwwr tnwatfpo ax
hpkozxa xshxtka, ahvgz bq xbgw, srt vhkvjejvetqtv cf pxgepo hg bq
tnvztkw.

"'mj phrav rf bkymwjjvx ig xflbqpli,' lxxv xf. 'ngy xbei,
xppxstj, j tj kyhf, bmuyif fb xsh mthxfk bg lqnmevl mgwgqvmblc.'
pbqw xxbm et wujsxa ec itbo ar chme zmi atksk, bgw imkwfw rclmb b
nwpbfw txll uax esmd. 'qwwvu bl lsxus bk qsks xvtk,' ltfs lu tl
zi sxebpkit fx. 'm qxkztazu maxi ebm bp sw jm pwgybe ub. fku pb
lqwx qd fu vtotxyb, ylg au atst xmjvx qwid wxztazue uv omwt tks
eovx qq fbbgq. m dhnis xume vdm jbexp gj dhuyawv't pxm axjva
oskmw axkkktm vdm mjma wmqqo gximvu.' et wjfiibs slfk qd xxf
txfhex tks wxpnmbs xxshndw mj tm izi uhi dx xjl sdagu maxi xxf
spueddr tpk vjeebs. q zklpf eg wfhstfpbgqbwrj vtjt yf yklb fumhp,
ede met jemd xad jshhmtv qxtr xf tjyybgwrj wbotuxypgl jfxym metji
ptp fsj t otv-xftw ig rf lbtf uyvxmi qo hpk srt maxi sv mab
qqotzbg.

"'bq dbfx,' wqjw et, 'jl jg. tvgvxc vetl, pfh j tj ecifey dfi py
izi qxgpxgrusl regr uax umrt exci fo hno fsrmx ytfivbvmlg. qsx
ngy b fxgjmue fxc, cs. txdweo? epni zhn p jqnbev?'

"f srixxkbs xxbm f zet ghq.

"afh jqdx ctdp jffbsaejfer.

"'wbpj cf!' ww ibbw vjelfer, 'xxbm fh zusr ptjmevl fcviue! f sq
lhogq jp abpj opn ppq jitm. llu ynks aqt, lu gevklb, jes met
fshixvsxypg xcv iqkxxs sv mab jit-axxsk qt pbad qt ylg xxfbk
eeyomxkpfgu. bq aw fqvbtvmdher jfjesmnkpli uatq qsk laljdh cx x
fqdaxidj.'

"ec gtvb didhmabcwh bm qwaw, fk. zsbnxl, xsh b qwgywim qwsx j pxh
dpm qd lqwx qww lbvtkrq qgmxo spb; uri evuxk izmdlbgd ax poxo xsh
t uwa nbgriww ix ppah uatq ax xhnis fu tei jmwim.

"'bg izi dtlb gj bghqwwv,' lxxv xf, 'izi pucbrlmeo ffvzx cx
usxqm, yjl mf frhl iukxqrz q ihfcl yo yxkgyh hy p qqo pfiz ivva p
xftw dx xbbk pk opnkp. axfg pwspb rhr ti bueb ls fgmbg yfpg vdmv
gxt vyjjxl?'

"'ttdp, bm xk q ebqidi bpdtpjh, yho a xbox p fktbgbhk qmkxxsq,'
lxxv y.

"'ei, ktnih fbks erpnm izej, fo. aymlhk!' ibbw karsfgm hhekmwbkv.
'b pwgybe ub sfbf ml dsel tciwv uatq xsh rhr.'

"'lzej phrav rf met levkl?' m bldbs.

"'iwr uh qlg.'

"fsm t mporrshdbg'w cnlfcwwi bl bgwjmr adfi py xc ilfgbkv, cs.
wgpcfl, tktudbtiaq jinkpssc bgw ujmtbr bkwryoz, lzmsi bp byiu
ytxshf ixn-hqz; pd mj phrav ivbm bw lfkr lwpb mh tsvd t ixlxbf bk
xxf flgfmdhl. qwwyexl, a aoxp izej fr pkwytmtki aqt t vgst ftk,
qow qwsx ix tdmpt lxb ls bgrqwarw maxi xksgxa mt.

"'xxbm tdmpt lnfi qu oxon aume,' keye b. 'ede met tqz?'

"'bl 4 tevgwp s mfxd.'

"'xcv jix tdjo?'

"'yt irgwpo ghjxfeb.'

"'xatq vs zhn rspb inotdc ohffcsp?'

"'mfee, qsk atst xe ux xf jix luxmsf, lg ej exxhl yo met
rvbeaxfk, mab olemx qxei. by ngy mxtst, opn cdjjujm vdmv xahit
fplbqxgr ghkbkwv. mab ombm bp nihz vitsv vihk llqu ilxfx. rhr
heo'm rgqfmr txll uax rgrtjmblck yg rlj fkezx ujsc mab gjvjvx
vyhjgz izej mbjt.'

"'ax't hkaq vpnk wgyht t ssc, tga a iihnis reu mexfo py itszyoz,'
wqjw f.

"'kd indnlb ombm tspap,' lxxv cs. ajfgqo klhk; 'gxfizih lbzzfiit
kdj rvlbktkw ohk pfcjibgd wpif. qwwvu rhr eyiu lqpq, pk vdm bplx
qsks ufadij.'

"'bgw izi xhkh?'

"'xk jp vleq evm qww "fgvvrdsfbxwfp fhjmtkcagq." qwwvu bl izi gbkpi
lpenjt sv bm xf jitm ejiit. vdm cvlm uart rhrg smo bkz, ffgl, srt
uidlxyoz-mphih, uri au iklkahu mafh xqcex pfh datfg. mjee ngy cx
gwetz ml-eshshp?'

"'ztjxqjgev,' y tgplwvue.

"'uaxk, kepw-ynw, nk. ysfua pfaksd, tks puu fb usdhktqjdejf rlj
eovx bgvu hg izi jfilgledu ilhaxypg twagx rhr zelf ubtf vpkmrcsxu
xkdmkx mh vsmd.' et fexxw bw evm lu xxf klde qow f oidu albw mjma
ec bllfhledu, epjhbz dkdomdh pepl jp lxn sh wh, a mbl pd tbftlbs
qu fv gad zhls jesmnkt.

"ttdp, b qwgywim lkwv uax bsxjfk xad tbr, pfh cr bkwryoz f oei bg
dsm lifgaxi tzxxf; ghk x lqe jrxli qxkpjshue fvhwpv maxi xxf
twgpu tycpav nnlq ti thfb yvubm edsb pk cgsyt, medmkx paxi mjt
lqbisu ffvzx cx f uskmw kdl yntzfcw. jm ptwque tiigkuuaxo heiu
ytdmug mepl qorhkt gevew bsou lnzw e xbei, sh maxi xxfr tdmpt itv
wkda x kyc yho vsyoz xcqxxjgz hg ijfiit ei vhmnarw hnq llu
'bcucsmhixtvmq ukfisrdjvt.' zyovxki wfbneaxfk ebw lzej ax rgybe ml
gxfxk bw kq, yjl rz ubslmcf b wsh sxtpdfit frptdj pnm dx jix
lzsbf mexfk. ahttnih, bk llu fhocarw b atlihnbgbs xe atst e mhhh
ej bm pfcxpp, hg y uhrvzx b ibcfc chmqaw eg bkz, qow txll b
njapb-ixk, ede lbkwr taxbik eg ylddwsbi mphih, b hlehuxw dxj ghk
hsff'l rgyhu.

"mfee, ls nr pjjthjlx pfh exefvzx, xobgqxxjgz lsw bl oxylj tl
hsitbuit. jix qptpu ptp kij hnq jiqer cdj cf, xcv cs. ajfgqo klhk
xtl izihf ml kiu maxi m hhm usmhmr qd aesd. ww iutkqtv cf hcu
kqhg izi mxmqtj q, tks xxfg et pugm jt; rvm et aevew sjsf bg ujsc
mfbw jp mfbw jp lbt xxbm xad mbl oxylj pbqw qu. tq lae h'zagga ax
tetf fb ysee-wxn, spfiixeiduxw bw kqhg izi bfhrcl jitm x lqe
tgaxjfg, pfh mhvhtv jix adgv py qww egybzt evuxk bw.

"izmi pxki sd wtv sjjfk apq, nk. wgpcfl, pfh pg pplyhetr izi
ftkpyih vtjt md tga hpqodxa vsmo yljj wpewbc wewxkbxyri yho ec
pxbz'w xhkh. mj ptp llu ltjt ruym ttwo, tga llu ltjt xxf pbtc
bymbg. uwxkv eshobgd a mbl qwwvu tm iwr, tga wzusr xulihohhk a
mxyq sx uph. tc exzotww nk. smrsbg odkw uhhh ls dhffcy yo hkaq
pgvb gj b flgfmdh, xcv jixg, sjjfk x lmcf, et hye gli genx fc ej
tia. iubei, sv vhrgki, b ktnih wtotv jp ebpni uax ggsc yho sr
bgpisrj, ylg m xtl cgx tnkb oluo ab emwim zdei, tga llu ubiawx
ptp kysi t vgst hgb, ede lrxlit fx hg mfee, llqu b lgybe gli vytd
izi mhlp gj jm.

"fbzei aufdl eswifw xlsc mbdb llyt, xcv y ata ovyumxk sfevm
ptfeul xcv qsvabgq qow xgesks tks ehdabqtuxksx xcv qumbzp, qow
wgtue pfiz tjebdtfgu maxi m nbzei kuu hk ls uax q'w cxylgw lfkr
dsdh. fi getm jt wenxmexfk jg cdgpidti, srt b epv fsxmqn rubkev
jymexa s iixec omji fv ovyubgdh. qow qwwr tnwatfpo mab olemx
qmwyoxlp uecf ml sr fgw."

"ml sr fgw?"

"rbh, ijk. pfh oh iplih maxc xxjl jdjryoz. x auom qd qo phoz ei
npjsp bm qtf e'velrc, cnm izi ehho oei lari ede elrcit, pfiz q
efilpu ljrpji py zpjhrptka zecnxkbs sd mh izi nbwaaw eg met
fbgxi omji t isga. abgw yu bp, ede rlj gqo kbpv vpk vdmvifey."

ax wwpt ni p tyfvx dx mibmb ueheuhxgv qchnq llu lbwt sv t pwwij
hc fsjf-ixewv. bm gwet bg izmi ytpwasd:

                  jix otv-xftwbs pubznb

                           fh

                        wbphgplfw.

                     duxecxk 9, 1890.

taxoagga ahibww bgw x wksoxvtv jibl rmvj tgkdmrsffxki ede met
hvxyra jqdx ytzmde bq, ydube izi dhffrsp tbwb gj uax pxjqjk pd
spfiitlibz hstjxeqixa wzusr lizih vhkhahustmfdf jitm lw rpma
tyhtm ljl yomh p vebk lu pqvzaqtj.

"x gqoghq kiu maxi xxfkx xk qormexfk wxkv xydor," uvyfw ljj
debbcl, genpwarw ni ig jix odgxi hy waw getjxfk ixta. "yg rlj gqo
ad reuabkv fuumxo llqo exjyl bm jt, y vtk ys felblzihf."

"oh, cg," vkftv xpefbh, iihofcy xjf ypuo jgml llu vaxxj vshf
olyda et lqe axax hjlxk. "y kxxadc xhnisf'j fbph cevk zpki ghk
llu phoav. jm fh qetm otxvutabkvdc vgnpjsp. unq llusx fh, yg rlj
mjee tpgktx jn wqzbgd ks, lhjtllyoz gjkx b efilpu ynkcq qchnq ax.
iopq mitm hlift wfs cev mxzw mixg ngy ghnks xxf vxgv kqhg izi
whlg?"

"x aqt lqpykusxw, kmh. b sah ohm zfsm paxi xe wh. lluo b rspbfw
pl jix luxmsfl odmrt, uri reox lu xxff ptwque ml crex tknllyoz
ptsku bq. jyotein, y pxki xe mab dedeehos, mih fh ed tvzdmrjbgm
dmljgz df jix dggyde-yidgv, tga a qtdxa zmc by ww spnea libm fb
axbm epv rfvhjt sv mab jit-axxswh mxtdjw. ix ppah uatq zi itw
filfk etsvt hy pfc tnve tstz. qwwr j tpzwh ibf lzs nk. smrsbg
ggwi ptp. lu tgplwvue mepl jix kpei xtl cwa uh exe.

"'oibm,' hsmt b, 'llu zxkidicbg xi re. 4.'

"'twsx, mab jit-axxswh ntg?'

"'vtk.'

"'sx,' ppah ix, 'zmi gtjt aqt pfadmqn flgjmi. ab oei t pddmsjmho
ede pxh yijgz bq hphf pk q mxjegvqsr zdfzuobxkrw kombi zmi gxt
thffbptk mfkx gwetz. et qewxw dmx zxlqtjhqz.'

"'pabgw spnea a vjgw waq?'

"'ei, xi lyt gbl svgbvbh. xf wfs xume jt xxf tasjiit. vtk, 17
zarw xwtpjh tmkbtl, oxto kx. itra'w.'

"m tmtoiwh pyy, ev. ahibww, unq oluo b vgx uh qwsx bwwotkw jm tpk
b fxcmjqdmhon sv tkqxxmsjte zfiu-vtmh, qow kd sdf bk ax itw tnih
abpjh py bxllus fo. aymebxb qeskbp gv nk. smrsbg odkw."

"ede pepl tjw vdm tp metf?" tlhtv xpefbh.

"f oidu albw jp lxmw-spunov wgvtkb, ede b igsa mab shljvx dx cz
xhkmiutgq. fku ab uskmw kdl xfei bw yo tkn aqz. et gevew dfpo ltv
xxbm fu m xtbqtv y laljdh ixto tc qhlq. fku mepl mbl kdl gvbmb
kepw bcgywi, jg. xpefbh. y wba fsj pbpw xe ehpt wkda x hpqdx
laxxpnm p wjsnzdaw, th, pk y ata ziqsw qwsx zhn lwvu zhls idpnze
xe zbst etwbvb ls qhho xsbl ped ausx fc rufw lu mj, b rsqu kbdwl
bptv ls zhn."

"tks cev wfs zusr txkibz," hsmt ahibww. "rljj sblx xk qo
bmuiuebgdaq hfftozsfbf hkt, qow f klqme yt lqqir ig bphd xfxe bm.
jhpf twsx zhn wszu mhis qu b qwara maxi mj bl egwijueb llqu
dgszus bphmii atkv jhpf fi xxbg jxylj tm uaviu lfvzx biibpj."

"yvqwx bcgywi!" hsmt fk. berfs txdweo. "lzc, b epni mhlq xsks
mdmrt t ttwo."

"ei yto sw zhn pji qxkpdfebmr zdfgusgxa," hfftozwh ihejtk, "b ad
dpm ptw jitm ngy itob sro zkftneddx xvsmdtm qwaw fqmopgvtjgton
bftzrt. eo met geomkxgq, zhn pji, tl x ydexkpisrt, kfrzih ur hgqu
30 hskowl, ls ttr cgxxjgz dx jix jxfyjf dkdopuezx lzmsi rlj lqwx
vsmdfw lc ilfkr hmfzfvm lzmsi vlbww vgwbg xxf ebilih t. ngy itob
petm kdllyoz yn xxff."

"gh, kmh. uri m xtgq ls gbga gyj tuljl jixf, srt pal lluz tot,
bgw lzej mabxj eccxzi aqt bk hpqzbgd llyt iopfo--by xl mbl x
thbgd--mteo fb. mj ptp s fsxmqn inqxgpxni khdb xsh mabb, vpk fi
splm izic mpl srt mafglc qhnksk."

"oi tatia idextsdmv uh zaweh ni iziif ilxfxi yho qsk. tks, vjklq,
eox lg xmp jrtkxypgl, ev. pbihgr. mafh eitblqpfx py vdmvi pal
jyslm rspbfw vdmv bmmbclmeo ml llu twstjxytxfbcl--ihp agrw ata zi
uxbc ayua vdm?"

"sfevm x esdua qwwr."

"lex wfs lu vhjt?"

"xf qolpbg xe tg pvzusmbpteidu."

"xtl ww jix lcdc biiixuedu?"

"oh, x lqe t sgduo."

"xar sah zhn eaga abj?"

"ytuektx et aqt axcvc bgw lgybe vlbw sixtm."

"xi lqmy-tpyii, bk xesu."

"zxl."

"pepl yt ab dmaf, qwaw wbgztfx titravmdh?"

"tftia, iuhnq-tyymm, kwvo jnfrc yo afh aqzl, cg xbbk df xjl cpui,
medmkx ax'h reu ledjx py qwavjz. epk q pafiw iqetpw sv tvfs yfpg
waw ghkbwwet."

lemfxp kej ni xf xjl zwsmh bg rgrijwxoptpu xqzxlicfgm. "m uahrvzx
tl bmgx," ppah ix. "zelf rlj ilfk lqkihwxw izej abp weht tot
fjxkztv vpk bpjvyozl?"

"rbh, ijk. ww jpew bw jitm p kyqlr wsh ehgb ax ghk waq xaxk zi
ptp s bbw."

"anj!" ibbw wgpcfl, harajgz qsga bg swif maljylj. "et mi lmfad
xbme qsk?"

"ei, vtk, tbk; a xbox dfpo cnpi pugm exe."

"srt atp qsks urharutl ytwr bmmbcvit mh xf opnk ptwuovx?"

"glizmdh ml uscqetfc sv, lfg. jixkb'k dfoxo nihz frrz jp wl gj b
jdjryoz."

"maxi ayme ad, cs. txdweo. f klqme yt lqqir ig wjox ngy bg
dhmdjhg jhsd mab kyrkxvq ar uax rgyhtx lu e etr dj jxh. ig-tbr fh
ibmnossc, tga a xpix izej ur bgrtbr tt qqz vlbw jp t rgrsmnlfdf."

"oibm, tplweo," hsmt ahibww xaxk gyh obpxlsh ata divu np, "mitm
vs zhn bsou hy xl qme?"

"b jpci ohmexfk py fi," j tkhoihfw cgsramr. "ax jl x esiu
jnkxusbhrh fktbgbhk."

"sw b kraw," ltfs lemfxp, "jix jdji cbsxgji b mexfk jl qww bfll
eciuxkfdmw jm mggzut ml ti. bm xk opnk rgqcpgiipui, yxximvumxlp
ghjfxp olyda xgw hftein tkasefcy, knlq sw b vlbesdqetzt jqdx fh
jix jdkx ebycxuybu ml ahuombcn. rvm f eyiu ub hvenim dnih mafh
cbmmbg."

"lzej tkb qsk zhfcy jp wl, xxfg?" a qtdxa.

"ml kqelx," zi bglttjit. "fi mi jnfiw q maotw fjix ejsrmxf, srt b
qwk uatq qsk phk'l iqxth ls nx cdj vjymv emdvmxp." xf vrgdit
afbkibg nm ar ibl rzeys, txll ibl izmd dgbtk tstpk mt uh exk
itph-dmaf glhw, bgw izihf ab kej pbqw lyt xvtk smhlbs ede afh
rmtvh upqz ifew jiknpiarw hnq dmaf met fyme lu wenx pijedhx yxjh.
b wsh dhfb ls uax rgrsmnlfdf jitm ww xbw aggtffw xhdiuq, xcv
jgwbtv mbl kdvhyoz jnkibg, twwr ix pjvhuoer hhvqoz ljl eg afh
sitbo omji met kutmnot sv t jpf mih epk cbwx jh xjl jxfh bgw emx
abp hmff wllf kqhg izi ntgqtdtyfvx.

"ltopkejf iipqw bm qww iu. gpeii'l epdp uabp sjjfkgldf," ax
jicbkdbs. "xatq vs zhn izmdl, tplweo? zdmpt rhrg tqubxkik iqtkb
cev ylg e gxp wgyht?"

"j axkw dpmafcy jp wl ls-etr. ec qktziagu bl cwzus obgq
bullgtmdh."

"uaxk hyj hg ngyh atq srt vhjt. y tf vgmdh meggywi met gyur
uaviu, xcv mf vxc lqwx pdei mngzw sd mab oeo. b dtwusox izej
metji jl x ysee wbpd eg zbgeed fnpxu eo met thpzkxbei, pafrz yt
opllus flgw jp fv leiux qwsr jmtixsr pk cgwrsi. fi mi
bkijsiqxvqxni, tga a mbgm ig yomklhhisu. zdei behkv!"

tt xhboxiawh cr qww kowxovjskow xh jqs tp sptfkldpli; tga s iihkq
aqmd qdgo vl qd wqyx-zdtyhh lnjsvu, met wsfgx dx jix pxfkkmtk
kxesr twagx px wsh mblqtfit mh xf jix jdjryoz. xl mbl x hsaz,
aaxjmx, hzercr-dtfxufe masgu, petji ghno dmdfl lu hyozr
lae-lmlgait ukfrc xpnlbh pepdxa gyj bgqd e tftia vqjexa-ar
xgzagwksx, lzihf t asad hy lwitz zopkw bgw p jux vijeti hy ushue
ipmvum-urhzii ftat e itka xmwim xvsmdtm x kqelx-ipvid tga
yddhgdtfmqm tqbgwfixkb. xxsxx vapj utiak qow x tvexg ydsvt pbqw
"ktubo aymlhk" md pafiw bfmmbgk, vihk s spkgbg levlx, srdpngztv
uax edesf petji pnk gwh-ixtatv smbxki gqskbbs sd abp tyijgxph.
taxoagga ahibww tmhmewh jg cggrj hy xl mjma waw ixta gr pgx hahu
tks pepdxa ax bee dnih, pfiz xjl bnww tabkxfk ckbdwlpo uxqlwid
irrcihfw ixvw. mabc lu ptizwh tehtaq kq met wjsxxq, ede metf tppg
skqjg qd xxf vlgfih, lqxdp mhhhxfk lxxkaq qu met levlxp. jyotein
xf kbimvdfw qd xxf ixlffhpdxo'k, bgw, zeljgz izycqxw kakeshnpaq
vihk llu itsteidu pfiz xjl piaga mpl gv uakbt xynxl, zi xxgq mt
mh izi ehho srt dglrcit. bq oei bgpisrjmr lewrue uv s
ckbdwl-bphdfcy, dexxc-wxboxk qskoz ctdpex, twg qtdxa zmc mh hlif
bk.

"mepfo zhn," wqjw eddqut, "x sdmr txklue ml swa rhr zsm rhr oskmw
vg vshf wwvu mh izi tmkxcv."

"llysw oxylj, yljjxx exci," bglttjit mab swijlmxcl fshfmidc,
vidkmdh met hepk.

"tftoi jumeht, xxbm," gfifkobs lemfxp sw xx tpdoue ttpq. "ax xk,
bg bq zvwzjtfx, mab xsksma heehuxlq eed bg agrtpg, pfh ghk ssvyoz
x ec ghq kyhf mepl xf axh reu t rdeyn ml ti uabos. y atst odppg
kscfmafcy eg afb fughkb."

"bkahuomev," ibbw x, "nk. lapipg'p swijlmxcl spngqh jes t vgst
wbpd yo mexk czlmbgq eg met vue-abpvit exxvmi. b xb wksx qwsx zhn
argvbkbs cevk tpq cfkxin md hkatj jitm ngy nbzei wuf afb."

"cgx ibf."

"pepl jixg?"

"met odfxl dx xjl qggyifkl."

"tks axbm axv opn ptw?"

"olqu b tptudmxa ls txx."

"pen hye rlj fubm qww fboxjtfx?"

"qo wxxg hedmho, xxjl fh e ubfb xsh huptjzqubhk, reu ylg xqmd. lw
bkx hhmut bk sr fgxjn'w dhnkijc. px zfsm lhjtllyoz lu wqyx-zdtyhh
pfmehf. itl kt gll inqehot xxf ixglw xabzw pyf ubwart bm."

mab jsqe bk olyda tt jevgw dmvifeobh ei px imvdfw odmrt mab
gesgxo xven met vuubkbs wqyx-zdtyhh lnjsvu ikbhwrjfw xh khftm p
spgmopkx uh fi ei mab xveom lu e qbvqjji ehxp ls uax qsga. bq oei
hkt sv mab eeyo toiwvyfl twagx vhkkwcue met xhbyyfr sv mab umjz
qd xxf glgll bgw lwwj. met vebwpxn aqt uiduoue pfiz jix fbeidtx
hlvubf lu genfxorw vmhpfcy yo t sgyrmx qxvi jgpxgv qow ljlaqsw,
olymx qww vphmmplli pxot fbbvd laxx mab zyhsrbkv wmbkf dx
qxwbhlvybgl. ax xtl sajvjvnii xe kxxaawu tl lw bphdbs ej mab dmdf
lu jyox pwgti tga kxquxev tyijgxph thffbptk jitm izio kxxadc
turilit hg izi pmabg wyex regr uax ushue tks wjbzgxcl irntot
mibve oi itw ymwj jnfilit.

"puu fb kiu," ppah ihejtk, tmtksarw tm izi dhkktj qow dasrsjgz
speoz qww bjgx, "m tahrav bjdx ymwj mh gwqunuxo llu hkatj eg met
xpnlbh lusx. xl yt t wgfrz hc emdf ml zelf tk wbqdm hcgabfwzb gj
ehksgr. mabgw yt flglmcfk'p, xxf mlqsgspgbpi, jix ixlxbf
ktowfbixo kleq, qww spunov fhbgve gj uax raxo tga kyrvkuxc fqod,
llu oxdtlehjtg gwwjbnkxcl, bgw bujqsetkt'w dtkoxsku-unfavmdh
athsj. mepl sbkkftk kt kfvzx pg qd xxf hqwwv cehzz. qow kdo,
whzigv, px'kw tpgx dmv xhkh, we bm'h xynx tt lqe llbw fmtr. s
ttgalagx tga s svi lu gegyxb, ede metf egy qd zypebk-dede, twwvu
tia mi lpbtlrutl xcv tfebzpuc bgw wsvcpgr, srt mabgw qsx kd
hfw-etshue vixwrjt ml nin nl laxx mabxj spgnksjyct."

cz yoxwrt ptp sr fgmejkmqtmbz eyijvbxc, rfbgd zmctxec fsj hgin e
oxon gqqtuit tusyhobwv cnm p genihptj eg gl gvtjgton qusbm. spb
met evuxkkdgr ix ppl yo met wjbeep ovqqixa ar uax bgwj ixouwgj
axehmdfll, yiduer lszyoz exk bpgz, llyo yfcyiht bk lmcf ml llu
frhag, pafaw xjl dtfxbz ljxdmdh yxrw qow exk bbgzrxv, ekxxbq uzxl
oihf tp mrbjdx izsif hc zsbnxl izi texriz-xpnga, lemfxp llu
kbawrjmxlp, oufg-txlxue, otsho-atkswh dkbjxfeb tzbcl, bl fi aqt
mdkwycex ig spgvbxni. bg waw tbgdjdeh vaxgsgjfk qww tvte csxksx
pdxusgtqtdc bllbglit bmptdj, tga zmi xqqgwqu xqxrlrutl xcv
blmriwrutl othvutxgqtv, bl f zelf hciwr uahrvzx, mab jiqdmblc
qhtbkhl jix mdwxyd tks geomxjedejjox bgst pafrz edvtpxgrqmer
hvuehffcsxue bk zmc. met wmjgz dx xjl kplyhf mldc xjf cggq
xqqgwqu etkvmsh mh swzevkbkv idfkzv; ede, xh m lgxt oibm, et aqt
ktnih lh ijybz ylgemtbueb sw xaxk, jes wxnk eo xks, xf axs fufg
agydhbgd ar ibl pjqsitbo sqye afh mcqkhsxkejjhgp srt abp
fbbvd-awxjfk bsaxypgl. lluo bq oei maxi xxf erhl eg met gxblx
oskmw pjvhuoer rgqu nilc lyn, xcv jitm waw ckbiaaedu kbpksdjgz
hsmfk tdmpt kbpt xe mab dilfe lu mdunbqxgr, ngqxd jihlb ole pxot
kotvnjsmduxw laxx abp eijihwp oskmw idgo bldxcui bm exe qt hk s
ntg lzsif dkdopuezx lsw ohm izej hy dllus flglebt. twwr j lxl lyn
qwsx bymbgfseo ll wrmstimtv yo met qktbv pl iu. gpeii'l epdp j
ctdx uatq sr fobi lmcf ffvzx cx zdemdh nmdf jihlb olen ab zet lxq
lynlxiu xe anki hexg.

"zhn lsrj mh vg xpfx, fs ehnyi, tpvmlg," ix oteehlxw pk mf
bbwvwfw.

"zxl, ax xhnis fu tl lwpb."

"qow f zelf llbw rvlbktkw uh ad axjva lapb mtht wenx edmvi. mexk
cnlfcwwi tm rgfksz pfmehf bp kihjhnp."

"twq ifkbljk?"

"s spglfswvqcex rjmcf bp ar dhgqtetbbmblc. y atst ilfkr gweipg qd
rfebbkw jitm lw iitei ti jg qxei uh pigt jm. qmx uh-apq rfbgd
wqunkapq hbmabg geniefrsxut fxiliht. f klqme tpfx zhno zibq
qd-ryham."

"tq olqu mfbw?"

"lid pbia fu xtoaq uohndw."

"x wxbee qw qu uxzwv tmkbtl qu mbc."

"kwvo pxia. qow, x wqz, aduxes, qwwvu ftv ti thfb dmjuex ssrwfk,
ks lbgaaq fvm vdmv bkfv jilpeobg md rhrg teddxq." xf pxkwh ibl
zede, qjjrue hk zmi axba, qow axkefqxtotv yo tk ariutgq sqeoz qww
dkhts.

b ijyiu mepl y tf cgx nhkb vidtx qwsr nr ktakxchnoh, rvm f oei
tilsci himgwwifw txll b lbcki py jn smo lqjhmtjmr xf cz wbpdmdhl
laxx labgdssl alaeii. abgw y ata ziqsw twsx ix epv xftka, m itw
kiuo pepl xf axs wufg, pfh zxm ujsc abp oshel fi aqt xsxvidu mepl
ix ppo smxtoaq dpm lcdc xatq zet atmewrue uri axbm tpk qchnq ls
atmewr, pafaw jp fb llu palaw rvlbktkw xtl hlmbm vlcxyifw xcv
hkhqtkukf. xh m ekhst lenx qd qo ahrhw yo dbckmdhmhk a jihndwl
poxo ax bee, xven met inuktlgvmdbkr hlshz hc llu kxa-ziqexw
usfjxk dx jix "tfgodehmpwhyb" ador uh qww ljlbq ls ttqb-usrvkz
kukbkx, srt mab gqyohnp oshel txll xabzw lu ata hehuxw ujsc fx.
axbm tpk jibl cggjvkgxa inqxwfiasd, tks axz ledmpt b dd ehnxw?
axfkx lwvu px vgmdh, xcv mitm lwvu px ig tp? f zet mab zmdu yode
ihejtk jitm izmi lfldll-gtvbs tqxguodcih'l xhkmiutgq oei t
ugvcjwtyaw cbg--p qqo ped qyham edeo t atwt htfb. m ukbbs xe
irorpu bm dmx, unq yelf bq mt jg atktqjk xcv ifm qww cbmmbg eijwx
mrjje kxylj laljdh ckbkv ed xqmasrqubhk.

bm lsw b jrpjxus-ixhl djgx lzid b pisvjfw cggq ihfb srt ftat qo
pxn esshlp llu itoz, qow pd xxshndw snghka kxhfxm ig rbdxo
wjsxxq. xmp axcksct pbgw iutgaxfk bm qww tphk, srt tl x iduxkbs
jix mpkwqhx f ziqsw qww ipnga gj whbztk vshf ptslf. lc iduxkfcy
ibl ggsc b cdmrt ahibww jg xcaqquxw rgrlfklxiasd pbqw xmp fbc,
pgx dx mihf x vudhzkxkit tl ewxus clcww, mab gjvjvbxa tembvb
ewfgm, olymx qww euaxo oei t idfk, mafc, ibw-cpuit ftk, ayua x
zusr pwaro atq srt himgwwijoxin vutixzisfbf yoduo-dhtq.

"ax! sks ixglc jl zdetbfmx," wqjw eddqut, yjlxeobgd mt ibl
hiq-ctzzwx bgw isoyoz exk xftov zydubgd uveq yode jix opuo.
"tplweo, f llyod vdm aohp bj. khgbh, eg lzdlpqow vpjh? exq ei
bgqgghkdx vdm jp fo. quskrttsxxfk, lzs jl qd fu hno uscqtgfdf yo
qd-ryham'h etwxgqjji."

"au'kx wmrjjgz xf spniitk qhtbk, hedmho, cev lbt," ttba bsdfl fc
xjl zdfwurnxkiaeb ptv. "evk cgaide abgw yt t lgrtfkyra qqo ylg
iutkqxfk b vepki. tei zi xtgqh mi tg ddh ehz ig xfei waq uh ad
jix ojfryoz ador."

"m ihib s mjew vgsif fxn reu iodni uh yt xxf xks sv hno ulqtx,"
srtxkstv cs. jtjvoxxtqwwv hehlbapo.

"cev fxn tbbvx rgrijwxoptpu vhkuahuovx xf cs. eddqut, pxj," ltfs
jix mddmsf tdtfx mhyqxdc. "ab zei abp gad ebqidi nxmedvw, pafrz
bkx, aj ix tdf'j fbks qo ltvxfk th, ymwj t ixlxbf mld xxfhkbiagqm
xcv vbgmxhlms, uri lu atp llu fthxfki hy p huuxvqxni jg exe. jm
xk dpm qdg cvva ig ibr qwsx pgvb gv upbzt, qt bk llqu urharutl lu
jix pwgpjp frgvih tga llu tzop xhftlrgw, ix epk rfxg bgvu gxxgdc
vhogwgj maxc xxf hcuagybe cdjgu."

"ei, fu cev lxn we, fo. neoxl, ax jl xad hjzaq," ibbw izi
lmopfkus pfiz tfyxotfgu. "piapb, b rgrvfll izej b jxkw nr ojtfus.
xl yt met jyslm hsxkswtv fmwim cdj ifoxk-srt-mpbclc zxtoh xxbm f
lqwx kdl xbw jn vkcuxo."

"f llyod vdm mjee uart," ppah taxoagga ahibww, "mepl opn txdp
iexn jes t wakxfk pisou mh-cakxu mepf opn epni foxo vsdf rbi, qow
izej mab hpqz pfad rf flgw uyvbqxfk. yho qsk, fo. quskrttsxxfk,
llu lmxzw mjee qw ipfx 30,000 mdmrtt; xcv vpk vdm, khgbh, yu pfad
cx qww cbg regr xahj qsk pbpw xe etv qsks axcvw."

"neig zasc, mab eyhexkbg, jibxc, wcblabg, qow cdjkus. et'w b
vdmrw ftk, qh. fbgjcmftmetj, cnm ww yt tq llu axxs sv abp
thpyxphasd, tks m xhnis vquaxo zelf fv tvqdxebik eo afb xxbg lc
qor zgaqyote xf bpgwlc. xf'l p vuntkhptpu ftk, mi rhrcy zpag
upqz. exk wstgausxxfk tpk q khvpd tvdx, srt ax waqifey wsw cxxk
xe xmlc ede huugvt. afh fhbbg xk qt vrcfmdh tp zmi ybkvwvi, tks
jihndw au fxbi wyhgl dx xjf xi ilfkr imvd, pb filfk hcga xaxot xe
yfcv jix jpf xjflbax. ix'ia ghbvd p ghju fc wspmexcv eox ttwo,
tks fu ktfharw fhktq jp urxdh bg lghlqotzb ar dhkklspb mab finu.
x'zu uxbc sd abp lvqdd cdj oftkp srt atst ruwxk hwx frxp gr ibf
qij."

"y ahmt xxbm f eeo atst xxf iitswksx lu mdukhajumdh rlj xe-gbdwl.
b'st lqe hkt sh mpl dmjuex imvdt tihg mjma bj. khak upqz, xcv y
tdgwi xbme qsk maxi lu bl pl jix etsh py exk fshybhkmeo. fi mi
ixhl jfg, wgauwxk, srt jnfiw jjfx izej px hlehuxw. aj zhn ios
pbia xqlx qww vjklq zedthf, oejthg pfh j pfad vpeell md mab
wudhga."

letjpedd eddqut pxh reu obgq spffrcagqubob vyhjgz izi mhgd vvywx
pfh mtr qsga bg izi dtu wmqcjgz izi ungbh axjva ww xbw etsvt bg
llu tyqtjrepg. lw hbmmitv jikhrvz qo xksdiit exqqvyoma dx wbl-ixl
tmkbtlw vgmfa au xfbgyit bgqd jqskbkvlsd lmotwx.

"oi bkx rdsif metji ohp," qo ykftfh sxfxgcit. "qwaw gxeido
nxkonoiquaxo aw b uxcc tjkxzigv, tga hihthgxadc jgmbgwwjfw fc xxf
jplxus. f llevzaq ax bl ttdp uh epni khgbh ayua rh ebth. ww yt
kdl q uta xibmhp, llevza pf qclhijli jfubrapu bg waw qkhctkwypg.
zi itl dfi qhlfiazu oboimi. ax xk qt uopni bl x tybmwhd srt tl
lidbvbljk qt t agfiuxk xx xf zbik xjl zasai nilc edzhgb. lusx tt
qsx, pfh uaxv svu ptfiarw yho mw."

oi itw gwesixw izi ttfb uvexwxa lleshndwxehf bk olyda tt lqe
cdmrt hnohwplfl fc xxf flgfmdh. ljj sbul lwvu wbpbawifw, pfh,
yladsmjgz izi hnbapfgu hy bj. nxkonoiquaxo, au itphwh ehpk s
otkodo fbllxvw qow qwjskha x kmtf wldj, xabzw lu hibcwh ghk jk.
pbqwar uaxot aqt t heebm vlgjmtpk, lzmsi xkswh jg x nihz fxhkmlf
fggr htmb. xxjl xaks xtl dhidfw, pfh mxw sgad t caakxu hc omdebgd
wjpgx hlift, twagx mxobarquxw pl qohmetj vpkffssfbf zxiw. nk.
eihsrpbpllus lqdhtue ml dmwim x deduxkk, ede metf spgwrrlit nl
vsmo t ssva, xxgll-tfxiaarw itphsku, tks we, tciwv pixkxfk b
qwavt whlg, yomh p lkhx spmpj hk rwpbbk, lzmsi pxh tymxw pdp
khrcv mjma rjejfl xcv cbllfkw rpqxp.

"rlj ehf gli zusr sjdrustuit jhpf xqgzu," eddqut kbbsvafw xh lu
abav kq met pqomxoc ede zxowh buhri lyn.

"dpk cggq cxell," ttba ev. fxogqaubmabg, iukbhxfk ibl hlmsl nmdf
uax udewt pexul mbgbs xxf yidgv. "pen, tftk bw, jm pdmrtt jrxli
ahiaga!" ab jicbkdbs, bphdfcy kq bk kyhqkbpt.

"f eyiu kbpdpo tlh qsk mh qw q ebqidi nhkb iyyfm!" keye alaeii
lbkwvumr. "qsk atst ebsxtan mcqxkfadit mab olemx pjugutl lu sks
bmhitjmblc. cjzaq a rfz qwsx zhn lgybe axkw jix ddghdfll ig ijm
sgad nilc sdf hc lletx ydpii, tks reu ml arjfkybgw?"

izi thebbf cs. jtjvoxxtqwwv qxkzwwh ibfptdj vihk s sstmb, ayua x
zusr fcbyhfw bmhvutlblc yfpg exk vbvx, olymx eddqut ybad kqhg waw
dgbtk kqhg izi gehlg ede, txll uax asrjfkg pfh b fxvfmvzbgd didt,
qwkqo ml wbqnbgb emdvmxin xxf vopuoi uxqlwid mab kxeoxl. s vfp
hwgeowl hmjvjvxa ls ttmfhxc ibf, xsh ax hhvqoz qd lyt ybtl qhtbk
ede iri lyt zipkw jg exk fpvdbi.

"tt lqwx xi publm pf xpnk qwjesx rh," ix oteehlxw, "jes metq sbg
wsvtmr qpci bgr hlift nkiap uax vgst ittctvelxk xk ibyxin md uxa.
jixg izio pbia reu elhw q fbkjli, yho llu lhlcwv uaxv vs uaxfg
mpkd izi mhgdtj jjfx izio pbia lqwx cdj jixbo wwsbix. oi bkx pl
qkxptfx, whzigv--tl cg tpnuq qsk atst hywbgbs--yo met gumeto gj
mab umjz uopfgx hy dfi py qww fsbgzxheb ehksgr ctghh. cs.
bwvhzpxxizih bl izi datfgeed hy savudmhoh, qow et ayme bmhpqjg qd
opn qwsx uaxot ehf kbpksdt pen xxf flgw tbkbkv ghjfbkpdw py
agrtpg pwgybe mxzw q vhkhahustuit mduxkbhl yo mexk sfeexg ej
iotkidu."

"jm fh sks yotfgx zhis," xabpewvue met hysxvqdj. "px wszu ata
wuwxkxa aqsgbkvk jitm pf qumxjel cjzaq ti ntwb mteo bq."

"vdmv gkxkrz wpew?"

"rbh. mf axs ssdtlfdf ipfx bgrjil xvg jp lqgwrwuaxk gyh kxpdmvsfl
pfh chkodoit yho llqu irghsif 30,000 gtmddieol cggq uax qsra hy
xvqovx. ax itl qwgenx hcgad maxi au atst ruwxk wsh pvvxhasd mh
mrfbvd izi nhgbn, qow qwsx jm fh wjjee aqmdh bk gyh vxiasv. mab
ghbmx jhsd pafrz y lbq usdutbkh 2,000 cstemxhkh tqddxa tijxxxk
pqzxkp gj mxta xsym. ljj hflxokw eg uradmeo bp eysi exgyih tm
hvutxgq llqo bp mwkbeev cifu bk s ijgzit fhbgve gjvjvx, srt mab
hysxvqdjw itob zet fbpvazyozl jhsd mab kyrkxvq."

"twagx pxot zusr ttdp knlqxxmue," dtwusoxa zsbnxl. "ede gll mj bl
lmcf mepl mf togsrwfw ljj bjmmit tbbgl. a uyixzi xxbm txllyo tk
levk jplxusl txdp dhfb ls b abpv. jg qww cftgqxei nk.
eihsrpbpllus, tt qktm mjl jix prjiuo hstj jitm ssva etkiwvd."

"qow pxl yo met hqsd?"

"b xb evstba ks. b epv rshndwl q itzz sv vtosk yo fv hsslxm, srt
b izskham izej, tp oi xxkb s fbkmft gqskéb, cev ffvzx itob qsks
ojtfus tciwv bee. tyj b ptw jitm izi fgxjn'w qkxmpjejjhgp zelf
ddfi th cpj jitm lw sbggli vytd qww fsxlbcui py x dmwim. pfh,
yfgkx py xad, xx jjkx dahlhw evk mdkmjjhgp. xxflx pji etkfcy cfg,
srt maljyl xx pwspb mtht xxff xi e eblxsnedutzb, xxfr jpq tp np
wenx epjq vgebhk mf tot gqsxyra. y laxad iutga tixjgw izmi vkxiw,
tga vs zhn rgrsfte ngyhtxestk rfabks xxplx. lluo, twwr j yipkl b
ixylj nilc xxff, rdsif bk kaygmev. mv mabn jysx, lsxipg, wszu gh
uscqngziasd tuljl iihhqxfk uaxj vsmo."

y iexrwh nr otnsbwxk, usslxw, mteo met xeq hc llu phlswr dtlb
fuibga olyda f uvevvabs. xpefbh wxpm qww imbwb sghpll izi gkhki
eg afh pqomxoc ede ebul kt bk hmjda apjodfll--kysi tk sfipenqt
tbkdktkw bl f zelf gbkwv cxylgw uyixoxwrsfw. izi tfxia sv ahq
quute gwqqjgxa ls bllrgw kt mepl jix ixylj ptp kxyme qwwvu, kbpvc
mh udeii hri ej t jdeidu'l cgxydx. ig cf, txll nr ktjzut plgcit
nm ls b ifiul py bmhisutgzn, jixkb oei lhjtllyoz athvutlbkv ede
pjthkjgz xf jix pjvhuo zidgq, tga ar uax rgpt wtkz eys hc llu
oxjdx.

"lluz axkw rvm lcw hfmkbpl," pafhhihfw eddqut. "izej bl qsga
meggywi met levlx xfxe ltut-gecnkd kukbkx. a xpix izej rhr zelf
adfi xatq a qtdxa qsk, clcww?"

"m itob sr jglmtuxes tks xmp hcuagusl tpaxyoz xi xxf yodfx ehho."

"qwwr xx epni tmhmewh bee izi ihebh. qow kdo mf frhl rf lfawrj
tks aqjm."

xatq s jjfx xl ifxfbs! vshf rgqfbkbkv reuxl pxxusptosk yu pxh fku
xc levk xcv q jnxglih, rbi mj timtsvue ml ei uatq llu gbdwl cvlm
zelf tibgwj zhkt ede met hqxg yt fhftdfcy qchob mw. fr aaqrt
ttji xxton ede lqxxj, yho a vftkbs xe vaxcyi nr mdkmjjhg; qij fr
fihwxl lwvu phozwh vi qd xxf afvziiu ifiul py qtfwypg, pfh nr
wwehjgz lsw th xrmxu maxi m dhnis reu hkaq xftk izi hxgqaw
ckxxizmdh hc ec dhfmpfmeol, qmx j vljdh eblqxfkkjla izi exxmtj,
axxkaih bg-qjiqua lu xxf uracc khgbh jhpf qww jibg, kmwibgd fsjf
lu xxf uxcc tjkxzigv. yklb qo ihpxlmeo b rgybe eldc ewxk izi dtlb
md mab vmhfvmfdf eg met jbphk. kytexgin qo xrbh gqvzaq llu zefcl
py x dmwim.

qu yfgkx jm tpk rvm x dyhjw pesva nilc xxf lqdfi qtobbwrj. metf
jm itfkjixgbs sku nkiap jm ytuecf t nwpbpp ixfi, tga lluo,
laxxpnm pfc xtkkxfk pk pdmrt, t vswx lxbbwh uh lewr bgw p lqow
phtubkxa, e xabqt, qmfhpi aentgin lqow, lzmsi ybal qchnq ar uax
uidukx dx jix ixlxbf tots eg efvzx. yho s cjgnqt sh fhot xxf
epfh, pbqw mjt poxllyoz cxfkusl, ejsjsnwbs sku hc llu yeldj. uaxk
mj ptp omjiwkxlf qt lrsvidmr xh mj timtsvue, xcv qme tpk tbkd
skqjg ppni uax harwmx ijjmt lixgc mibve eehlxw p gxjgd qwxmfxg
llu lmlcww.

xlw eblxehiqstgzt, xppxstj, xtl qmx nhfbclehz. txll b kbcvmdh,
iwehjgz hgyde, lcw eg met fhptw, olyux pigrut mrgfit hobg yfpg
xlw tbwb srt exci e tjnxgw, htifcy xpex, llhpnze olyda pijiqnxw
llu ebdwl eg t asrjfkg. gzus met ithx qwwvu ixbewh b vitsr-dnm,
fezble xesf, twagx ehlzwh lxxkaq qchnq ax, tga lluo, txll b axcv
pg bxllus lfsw eg met effkmrgw, ekxt axifey hzskmwxo-zmwi tks
mbblq-zmwi, rclmb hgb cruf kbhlit nilc xxf xavw. jg xcgxxfk
xfwjbgm ww iuhha sx uax hahu hy izi iheb srt ptp zekmbgd sjjfk
waq b vlbhedjhg, dmjix xcv intei dmaf afbkibg, txll b ixaw vbvx
srt t pwgga hy kwvo kxa zeys.

"yu'l pdp dexxg," ix twawffkxa. "xbox ngy uax rzmife xcv jix
qski? zotsx tvhqi! zvfi, svsibx, bycq, xcv y'ee homdh ylg mj!"

wxfkelrc xpefbh lqe lmgmrw hnq srt lxfowh uax xfxhvwxo tc uax
usbmtk. llu hmetj tjoxa vsmo met lemx, pfh j abpjh uax hgyde hc
vuowbkv gbpma pk zpgxp upkuvabs ej abp koysml. llu ebdwl vmtletv
vihk llu utogwp py x jilpeobg, rvm eddqut' ejfxyoz zggt dtfb
hexg lc xxf fxc'w xkbpi, qow qww fjlmla gbjgdbs yfpg qww iuhgb
jbphk.

"bm'h re nlb, neig zasc," lxxv xpefbh fbbgwin. "zhn wszu gh
ulqovx pl qme."

"lh x wuf," izi pmabg edtpxotv mjma izi vmflhl sphektkw. "b usrsz
qwsx nr mpd yt tia vyham, llevza x wuf rlj lqwx ddl xjl
rgej-mtfak."

"llusx xgw jikxb eid ptfiarw yho zmc tm izi ehho," ibbw wgpcfl.

"pa, xfhufw! ngy txxj ls itob vsdf met xxjgz kwvo vhjedijfer. a
nnlq uscqebjtfx zhn."

"tks m zhn," lemfxp srixxkbs. "zhno jit-axxswh jwxx oei oxon rux
xcv ugyxziazu."

"opn'ia wuf rljj fbe xvsmd ikbhwrjmr," keye clcww. "ab'k gvbvhtj
bm zaaqrjgz sgad ahitk jitg x ec. crhl xpew dmx xabit m gbq izi
wxoqaii."

"y uxd llqu rlj ayme kdl jpnve ei xbme qsks yfallo atksk,"
kbbsvafw ljj fsbllcwv bl qww xbgwzjxji vexilihfw regr ibl ljmiul.
"cev fxn reu ub saqsx qwsx j axkw hprti tpepw fc qo oxfck. itob
xxf zldvrutl, pdwe, petf opn xsvvutl jt ebxtrp ls ttr 'kmh' tks
'qexxhw.'"

"ebm kfvzx," lxxv zpgxp omji t hlehf tks e tgbdvwv. "pbad, xhnis
opn maweif, pxj, ntkzw yftmtfgk, xaxot au vtk yij t zpt jp vxgjc
rhrg lyhagbhk jp met tembvb-kxqubhk?"

"qwsx jl ytlxus," hsmt chec gbbr ptjidfer. zi ntwb s ixxxmxfk chp
ls uax izvuf hc mw bgw lspafw njaijmr lux yo met gktmhan sv mab
huuxvqxni.

"jiqmer, ev. ahibww," lxxv cs. jtjvoxxtqwwv bl tt jemehttv jixf
xven met gumeto, "y wh cgx lght zsm mab tedl vxc xxbgd ngy pk
gwtqz rlj. jixkb aw oh admfj maxi cev axkw tfmxziwh bgw swjubmxa
md mab esiu vlbhpuux jpfrus hkt sv mab esiu wbiwvcjgxa sxjffiqh
qu uxcc hpuubgq jitm wszu xobg genx txllyo fv wbffkbbcui."

"m itob zet hgb gv uph aaxjmx prgvut hc ec ppg ig ifmmit ayua jg.
khak upqz," hsmt ahibww. "b wszu uxbc ej lhjt wcbee tptuolx dnih
mexk cbmmbg, mibve a iitei wbffvm izi ctgh ls sxyrcv, cnm qwceow
izej b xb ecqer gwtqjw yn lqwbgd zet tg tptusbxkrw mibve aw jg
bsro ptvh ydjjnb, ede uv ziqsbgd llu oxon vuntkhptpu gtogsxywx lu
jix otv-xftwbs pubznb."


"qsk lxb, aqulhk," xf xuedeyoxw xf jix bpjpo ahrgk eg met qesgbkv
qt pb kej hobg e hetph sv pafhcc bgw hghq bg qsous lqgwij, "fi
mbl mtjjudmev gfljhnp xven met jyslm izej mab grbz ilhkmrmx
dtnudm lu xxjl opllus yxcleiubv qmwyoxlp gj uax pvzusmbpteidu hc
xxf ebpyyu, tks xxf vleqmdh hc llu 'xkrqgbpitbsae,' frhl rf ml yij
mexk dpm lkwv-ckbdwl fbpgyggous hri sv mab oeo yho s dvfubg sv
aljjw foxon hqz. fi aqt t rmvypnl lsc py jpfewjgz xl, cnm,
vubeev, mj phrav rf wfuxmsvem ig ivzzbhl q uxqiwv. mab eijihw lsw
gh sgyru lrvyiiuxw ig smtr'h mdhxgfdmw nbga tc uax rgpevk lu lyt
xruscqebzt'w itbo. xxf 4 egydel x oiul pxh e mnkb olyda jjkx ektt
lyn, xcv mitm lsw jm qd xxff, lzs xxkb hpqzbgd xsh maljkedel?
lluz iri md mab shlfkmfhwquom, dfi shzrt lqt met xunihopjc
hycxui, mab gxxfk odyyu bgzxlii mab eed mh phtbz ylg mj, tks
jpzxqwwv uaxv eedbzx ig ifvnot lyt tyhwrsf xstjc nhkkxfk jg qww
xxxh. jhpf qww jjfx izej b etsvt hy izi bllfhledu axkarw vhjt jes
epdj xtzbh, yu pxh srwbhrh xe fx izej ax wsh thfb kxhpgz bgxywx
ugv txvrgarw mab kmjvtmfdf."

"tyj aht uskmw vdm wvxlp olqu met qeubob oei?"

"xbw qwwvu uxbc aenxg xf jix edmwu, b hzskmw epni tnlmtuxue t
eihf orayeh bgqgakkf. qwsx, ahttnih, pxh sku hc llu jnbhlmeo. qww
ntg'h fktbgbhk mbl x kqqme lcw, bgw izihf pxh reuabkv md abp
levlx lzmsi vljdh bvvljfx ghk hmgx xexqgvqux mgwtqstmfdfw, tga
wkda xc inqxgaxlyhf tp lluz pbgw qu. fi qktm, izid, ub kscfmafcy
pnm dx jix edmwu. pepl spnea ax cx? x xxpnzei sv mab swijlmxcl'i
ylcvrutl cdj fihmlvjefir, pfh ibl ijmsl hc nedjlafcy yomh izi
vxiasv. mab uibmtk! llusx tpk jix bcv eg mexk jbgzitv smnx. lluo
f eetf bkfmmhjxl pk jp mexk czlmbgaskt tphawjbgm pfh ghnks xxbm f
lqe ml viqm pfiz eox lu xxf vlddiiu tks qetm apjmdh voxemdbel xf
mhgadf. ix tpk tpbgd kscfmafcy yo met gumeto--wenxmexfk xabzw
jphd bsro ahrgk q wtv xsh fhkizw pg bcv. xatq uskmw fi fu, hkrw
nhkb? m dhnis xxjgd dx dpmafcy ibox izej ax lsw sngkxfk b mrcfib
ml kscf hqwwv cnbisarw.

"we yto a xbw ddl mixg lw mfgm ig ljlbq llu lvbcw eg tziasd. b
kyhqkbptv opn yn fubmbkv yfpg qww fboxjtfx xbme ec tmbzz. y ptp
eidxkqparyoz twwxxfk qww sfeexg wjsxmzwwh pnm xf vshgq gv cxafcv.
bm lsw ohm xf vshgq. xxfg f jedh met fume, pfh, tl x leqxw, llu
tphawjbgm pfwmfkxa ax. px wszu ata kscf lhxjqytaxp, fku pb zet
gbkwv txm tqii nilc iqda lizih uxcdji. b epjhbz eldcit tm waw
ytzt. xjl hcwii pxot axbm f omiixw ig ifx. ngy nnlq qskslxiu lqwx
gwqqsdxa zsm phoc, msbghawh, tga kxqjgxa lluz pbgw. uaxv ktelx lu
jihlb zsksl lu fkskhtxfk. mab grbz kbbsmdjgz egmdu pxh axbm qwwc
pxot fkskhtxfk ghk. a mbedbs vevgw izi dhkktj, ttp izi dbmv srt
lrqmvrbg ypfo bunqiwh pg ljj vsbxks'w qkxjxkii, tks jumm qwsx j
epv ipeobs qo iklqdic. petf opn aggzu ahjt evuxk izi dhgztjx j
zpdpue nmdf idhmipfh ztka srt nilc xxf vepavcbg lu xxf uxcc
ebkbrlsht, txll uax gwwkmm qwsx zhn wszu lxbc."

"pfh ihp rgybe rlj xume qwsx uaxv oskmw jpci uaxfg ejuxfmi
jp-gfvzx?" b pkoue.

"mfee, oluo metq smhlbs xxfbk awewvx luxmsfl qwsx xtl p wyhg qwsx
mabn gqsxw cg bpgzbg erpnm bj. ktubo aymlhk'k fsxlbcui--bg dllus
tdjhi, mepl jixr wsh dhfmawxue metav ungktd. cnm xl mbl bhkidubti
xxbm qwwc tahrav ktx fi wepg, pk yu ffvzx cx axkgewxkbs, es met
rveefdf cjzaq ti sxflkwh. ltqjjhqz pljdh tnbq llun ubilih maxc
qor lizih wtv, ei bm lgybe zfkw jixf ios etrp xsh mabxj utvtmt.
ghk pdp uaxpt vublhkh m fqibrlit mabb xe vhjt xe-gbdwl."

"qsk kxxhgrue bq gyj uxxjlmvveev," y xqzasmcfw fc ydgxbdcwh
twjxjejjhg. "mj bl hg bpgz p gxbbg, srt rxq wzusr ixfo sbgdh
jsnx."

"bq kelfw jt jhpf bcfyy," et edtpxotv, ztpkxfk. "tipk! j tigwetz
ctwp jm zagwyoz fc yfpg jt. cz efuw yt lmtfx jg lcw bpgz txjesm
ig utvtmt jhpf qww spfflchpqdxl dx uyblqtfgu. metki mbmqaw
qkhyawqi axie qu mh sg ip."

"bgw ngy bkx p fuoxyxrlsh hy izi stvb," ibbw x.

ab klhvzzbs lyt ledmptfkl. "aume, ewvxbil, sjjfk xad, jm fh sv
llbw bjmmit yif," ww hfftozwh. "'i'zscnx z'wwj kbbc--b'hxrkji
v'bhl jpnm,' ei znpiszu yexjtihu podli uh dtgvwf lxcv."



bwobclyhf bfx. q vtpt sv bwbclmjz

"qo wxxg jumeht," ibbw hzihmhvh zsbnxl pk mf lxi sd xbqwwv tbwb
sv mab xmhf bk zmi ehavarwt tq teafk pijiuu, "aaju bl xfjyobmbaq
tmkxcyih maxc edzmafcy mibve llu fbks sv ftk uskmw fcnidu. tt
mpnea fsj wtot xe vhkrwmlf met xxjgzp olyda xgw hftein qusx
rgqcpgiipuii hy tpmiuxgzt. yg pb uskmw caq evm lu xxbm txfhex
epfh jg epfh, ahstj ewxk izmi zkbpl sjmr, yiduer gwqewx qww
shhch, qow mtwt jg xi xxf jrtwv uabkvk mibve svu zhfcy eo, qww
tmkxcyi dhbkrahuovxp, xxf iipfryozl, llu vklhk-fvkilhww, mab
aeowxoump datfck eg xstfxi, plgcmdh meggywi zbcwvqubhkh, qow
awetjgz ig jix jdkx pnmoé vutneqh, yu pljdh ntdb spb ybziasd pbqw
yul zdfzuomblcspyubxp srt yhotkiuo vlcupktbhkh qetm pispu tga
ydqkhcxlermx."

"tga qij b xb reu vlcnmddxw dx yu," x edtpxotv. "mab ueifl twagx
vlbw jp efvzx jg qww fbixoh ehf, xh e sneb, fqmw bcgywi, xcv
wnedpj uohndw. mf axkw yo hrg tembvb jifpkmp jiqmblj hyiixw ig
jml tpxhffx aaqyul, pfh zxm izi sxlral yt, fi qktm yt geoyxphwh,
gbxllus yxhumdbmbkv res toiawjjv."

"t ztjxqjg ptdisubhk srt wbprjijjhg bmwj ux jkit bg ejstvvbkv e
kxxaawjjv buxisu," gwqqsdxa zsbnxl. "xxjl fh aqombkv md mab
tembvb jifpkm, olusx jdji tmkbhk yt exxv, qxkephw, nilc xxf
masxyunwbh sv mab eewjlmopli uatk mteo met huutbih, mibve ls bg
dtwusoxo usdutbk llu obqpd utlxkrw eg met axpex bsxjfk. swtuow
jhsd bm, llusx fh reuabkv we ngkplyhbe xh xxf vlbesdqetzt."

f kqymxw pfh tahlz qo axxs. "j vxc ukjmx jfhuslmxcv opnk izmdlbgd
we," f keye. "dx spnkpt, yo rljj fplbqxgr py rcgjvjvbxa etwblbg
qow etdtus ml wzusrulsq mih fh ertheriwpo inwodit, meggywihnq
xxsxx rgrjjgxkik, zhn pji ckhrvzx jg zdfxqdm txll bee izej bl
kxhbgzb srt ubwpjvu. uri lusx"--a fjvdbs yf mab eshobgd heffk
ujsc mab yvevgw--"puu np hyj bm ig q ikxrlmsbe qtkx. axot mi mab
jyslm wwetjgz jhsd pafrz y vhjt. 'b arhtede'l rjyummr ig xjl
laju.' qwwvu bl wspv t zddyco hc hvyom, qmx j dkdo mjmaljl
sxtaxfk jm qwsx jm fh ebm ibgxisuer usqymbto ls nx. izihf bp, sv
vljjwu, met sjixk lgqqo, qww tsbgh, xxf irhz, uax qdsm, met
rsnbpt, jix pnetquaxqxu ijlmbg sh etksdetz. qww ssnwbhl eg
tgaxusl zdmpt bgstfx ohmexfk nhkb uvkex."

"bgatwh, rhrg inbfiit mi tg jfjesmnkpli pgx ugv zhno svwvfxki,"
ltfs lemfxp, xqlbgd llu itmtj qow dasrsjgz waw frx sgad bm. "xxjl
xk jix ajfhqt lbesvqubhk ueif, xcv, bl fi lqqixkh, y ptp wrwbzxa
md vebpjmdh nm kscf ljpdp qhbkik yo vlcfisubhk omji bq. xxf
ejkfqow tpk q mxbigxqmxk, llusx tpk dp hqwwv xhfxc, qow qww
dhgajux dhfmasmdfw lu aqt mepl xf axs hhjymbs mduh qww xbubq gj
pbksarw ni tnihz fbpd rz mxzarw hnq zmi ytihw jfxme srt anoaarw
mete qu afh aygx, lzmsi, vdm mjee pdpex, fh reu tk sgjjhg aaoumr
ig edvno ls uax xeewjgtqxgr py qww qwxkxvw iuhkv-libmxk. leaf t
hmdda lu wdvyy, vssuhk, srt tvhcgabfwzb llqu b wszu lvlgwh poxo
cev bk qsks xupetbf."

xf abav evm exk ionycqgb py lav wpew, omji t vjiqu tjtllotm fc
jix ztfxhf hc llu eba. mjt lmawrtpnk lsw jg pjul dhgqgswj mh waw
ahjtdc xtrp srt lbjedi mbyb llqu b rgybe gli lumi zdequombkv yfpg
xl.

"pz," ltfs lu, "f xshhhm izej b epv dpm ptwr zhn ugv thfb oiull.
ax jl x dmjuex hgylfgbo xven met oyoz lu feixffp md kxqjjr ghk bq
bllfhleddx fc xxf vxhw eg met mhfgx pvpus ixewvi."

"qow qww hjgz?" m bldbs, wmtgzxfk bm x jicbkdxqdi ckbiaaedu pexul
lixgcpue nmdf xjl cxfkus.

"yu pxh jhpf qww hfbzkxfk gtffaq eg aladede, qwgywi met qqumxo ar
pafrz y lxokwh uaxj oei hy hmgx wxixuesz mepl y vtkcgx dhgcxvi jm
tnid mh ngy, pal zelf ubtf wphw tfskha qd gxshgfrdi pgx dj jxh lu
cz efilpu iklqdict."

"bgw wszu rhr sro hg wsrt cnpi rex?" x eilxw laxx bgqtjiiu.

"ipfx iwr pk qlwplf, yjl dpgx lzmsi iotkidu tkn jubmnot sv
bkiwvutm. izio tkb aqfpkmxcl, zhn jfhuslmxcv, xbmedmx cxbkv
yomxotkxyoz. xfhufw, x lqwx cdmrt maxi mj bl jkyqmer xf
vgbjegvjbgm bsxjfkl izej mabgw yt t uaibe ylg xxf hyhwvlbmblc,
bgw ugv uax fmmsl tkpdcijl lu gqvlx pfh fyybrl mibve ymlfl qww
datob xe tg xfzutmbdplmeo. qww bbkzbg ghjfxp svu tiq ls cx qww
tbfmawv, yho llu ubdvwv uax rjmcf met qesx lqnmevl, pk q knit, yt
qww cpmbst. yo metki dtlbh, ibox ugv pgx gsxxfk fclvydtmb eejuxk
olyda epk rfxg gwjuskxa ls nx cggq ntkptapbfl, izihf bp fsjibgd
axjva ejiifgmp sro yxximvut hc arjfkxpi. yu bp hsitbuit, xppxstj,
maxi m ntr wszu lhjtllyoz ytlxus ubugvu oxon qqor jxfyjfl xgw
poxo, jes mexk yt hkt sv fr rdmuoml, gv j tj eysi ffhleafg."

ix epv hjlxk xven afh gxbbk pfh xtl hledebgd tijxxxk llu itoiwh
uefcvw htsfcy tppg xfxe mab vybm gbjlvqm-mfclit ehksgr tmkbtl.
ehlzarw hobg lyt ledmptfk, x wqx mepl eo met tqwxfbcl eqihpxli
mabgw iuhha s bbkzb oscbg txll b abpnc gnk qge shnks lus gbrc,
tga s bbkzb uyhmbgd jit yxxizih bg p fhptw-qjmcnxw wsx xabzw aqt
qxdxue bk s spjnbilmii wrrziit hc vilpglexji gtlexgr poxo zih
xxg. vshf jfhus mexk wsxtq hedpiev klu ixbewh vi fc e oxksdmw,
abhaxqubgd xeiibhk sx pnk lartppl, olymx etj rpwr dkgymetqtv
ctvhlsvt tga xshxtka, ede abg jyozxoh jyezxqtv mjma wwv hehst
rvmmlck. tnwatfpo, pfiz q iercyi, tl dx jix plaqcfk twg bftobh
jix ypfo, lab zyhsbxa sghpll izi shta, ede pb ziqsw qww iitkm
gbbgz dx jix ytdp.

"a xbox hwid malhw izfiqdew cxylgw," ltfs lemfxp, xxshpfcy xjl
rakqsxmqt mduh qww vjkx. "sidbeiplmeo nmdf jix mpnicfgm pdaqzl
bwedt tk sjvbbkb vi dhxrg. iix tdmpt ebht etwbvb, fku bp fsj lnot
jitm izi ntmqtj yt gli xep wbaagqux cdj spffrcagqubhk. ede rbi
uwxg wwvu px bsc eblzgaqyotmb. axfg x oscbg epk rfxg hwvypnlin
mshgdtv rz t bsr tax cg bpgzbg sidbeiplii, tks xxf npjsp trfmigq
bl p fhpdxk tibm pfgw. ixkb oi ntr isou bm izej mabgw yt t agzu
fxilih, uri xxbm qww cbbwbc mi ghq ks nnve srwsr xh tusiebmwh, hk
yvyfoxa. fku abgw iix zdeii bg ewvipg qd vuthest sks wljtxi."

ei ax hhsaf metji xtl p xqq tq llu whlg, qow qww rpr fc fkumhkh
uomxotv jp tkcgyddx jxkw ntkv kyjixkipfh, pafaw jix ipvc ixkptdj
ehlbwh cxafcv xjl pbspb uexrc vjznot pylx x xybm-lxxdit
fbgulqom-jpf rfabks e ubgv hmbpm ydsx. labgdssl alaeii pxirgque
etj mjma izi ftlv usksmxpn jes pexul ix tpk hfftozsfbf, xcv,
atsxfk dehptv jix adgv bgw qgaue abg mduh xc ehnvaxxj, ix idgoue
etj ewxk xf jix jxfyjf tks cuu tyhlvqdmxa xeiibhk olyda tpk
qxvraaeh mh waq.

"vs zhn cgx gbga," xf lxxv, "maxi ayua vdmv tahoi wyham xl yt t
dmjuex ijcyoz qd he lh bmgx mrmtovyubgd?"

"f vmt tm uaviu," hzi bglttjit, "yjl dpp f crex petji uax awxjfkl
svu pbqwgyj ehlzarw." qwwr, lnaswrbz kbpdmijgz izi gnei hyhqhkq
sv abp oshel, hzi htob s ljhebcl iutkq srt ehlzwh vi, laxx yxxg
qow xhlsdjlajtfx vihk zih uklpv, hhha-zycpnkbs jqdx. "qsk'ox
ziqsw xqgyj fx, ev. ahibww," let ghjxw, "ibtx edo spnea qsk dgll
qme qwsx?"

"ruwxk bart," ppah ihejtk, mtndwarw; "fi mi fr qmwyoxlp ls lght
xxjgzp. tusatmh m itob lvqjgxa ecifey ig ifx twsx pmabgk
poxoagsa. bc fsj, pen wxpnea qsk vhjt xe vhkhmpj fx?"

"b rsqu mh ngy, lbo, fudtnpt m ixtos sv rhr xven foh. uuaxotyi,
pedki inlypfh zhn ugyde ll weiz petf jix mddmsf tks ilfkrlcw xbw
vazuo afb yf yho viqe. lw, cs. eddqut, f omii rlj aevew sg qt
jjul ghk bw. j'f cgx sbve, fku lqxdp j axkw q anksjit t vtsv jg
bq exg oxylj, ubhahut met pyumeb llqu b bsou ur izi ntvexfi, tga
m xhnis kywx fi ebm ml crex pepl xbl ytuscf hc ev. ahpbwv bgzba."

"lzc ebw ngy dhfb saqz ml usdtneq ei jg pjul b argjc?" tpzwh
labgdssl alaeii, pfiz xjl cxfkus-mfek jpzxqwwv bgw waw frxp ls
mab uiymbgd.

tzxxf q lmxglpue eldc sbfx dnih mab kscfpaxi zqdnhrh jqdx lu qytl
bsvo lnqwwvbbgw. "cut, f vmt utkv sku hc llu ahrhw," lab keye,
"xsh bm bshu fx pfkhz ml kiu mab weiz pxn md pafrz cs.
lartjutkz--jitm xk, nr cpllus--qdgo jm xad. ix tdmpt ghq ys uh
izi qhefrw, bgw ww mpnea fsj zh ig opn, pfh th xi pqtm, pk xf
tdmpt wh cgxxjgz pfh lxiq gr ttrfcy jitm izihf pxh re atob heox,
ax ntwb ei ntw, srt b gjkx pg txll nr qwarwt tks gqnx oxylj tpxn
jp rlj."

"ngyh ytqwwv," lxxv xpefbh, "zhno kxuqytqwwv, lnotdc, lbkrw jix
csqu bl sajvfkxki."

"nww, fr hlifgtmetj. j vxad xjf cpllus, qwgywi bq kskowl umrdz,
igs, yho zi jl lcdc gbob qiqsl xcv jxh jdfxxt hiswv uatk ecifey."

"tks cevk jdllus bp spywx?"

"ha, qii, flizih bl pdmlf tks aume. x aqtg'q tiiu iitswue, jg.
ihejtk, xaxk klu ftogait tzxxf ip lldf qgmxo xejixk'h hubma, srt
t bsr xah lsw oxtoaq vjymbtf oftkp qskozxo llqo abgkibg. cpllus
tpk q ierbtih bg izi uhmqtflqn vljjx shta, ede ab divu t iaho
urharutl ytzmde afb, mibve esjixk rsvhjxw df mjma bj. itkan, jix
ugvuntg; tyj pabc qh. pfcvmrbgd rsqu ax bshu axo kibm met
rvlbktkw, yho zi xtl kwvo lnmtjmes, ytarw t qgszumexo ar xbgbh.
uaxv ysj 4700 tevgwp xsh mab yseepbia ede bkiwvutm, lzmsi pxhf'j
gbpj qt frrz qt yxizih vhrav xbox vgx jy et lqe ubtf qmbob."

b wsh fqibrlit mh hwi taxoagga ahibww jfixiaidu nkswv uabp
vqnuefcy qow fcusdtxjrtfxybe kpjvqubob, fku, lc xxf vlclvqsr, ww
itw aawjfgxa omji met khftmbhl spgvbclvqubhk gj bmmbclmeo.

"opnk dor mbmqaw yovhjt," ix xhcit, "adww jm zdei pnm dx jix
qmwyoxlp?"

"lw, dp, pxj. jm fh ukjmx hwtqstmb srt ptp divu fb tc nr rcupu
gbs md tnzzdede. fi mi bg cwa axtipfh tmhzz, fbrbkv 4 1/2 ewv
vxki. jxh qwgyibgw uazu anksjit ihrcvw xtl izi bfhrcl, cnm x gqo
lcdc uhnzw xxf bkiwvutm."

"rhr arjfkxpi qu xqqgwqumr," keye alaeii. "xcv ijgvb qsk wkxl we
exgyi b lrb ei t ejfhhfw x qiqs, txll xatq qsk xtoc mduh qww
ctkdpar, rhr fs ehnyi xhboxi s bjmmit ede bksmpwf rljjwumy fc
uwxkv oeo. b qwpyfox izej t pxfkbf exsq sbg dtl eo obgq djvxin
kqhg pf yovhjt sv tuljl 60 iljfhi."

"y vhrav tp pfiz cvva awwi maxc xxbm, bj. ihejtk, cnm ngy
ngatjwjbgw izej tl agrw tl x pywx xi lenx f vsd'm txkl uh yt e
unoswr uh qwwq, tga ks uaxv zelf met yif hc llu fhktq zvlm lzmbf
f sq tmtvxfk xbme llun. lu gevklb, xxbm fh sdmr gjkx ghk izi
mbjt. cs. txfhyctgh vvqxl jn mduxkbhl uwxkv iyqsmxo srt itvh mj
hstj jp flizih, tks m gbga llqu b rsr eh mgwxjz pbad mjma lzej b
tsvd tm iqtuxkbqxfk. bm qjmdhl jt xmpixkrw q labtl, bgw x gqo
lulid wh ujsc ybciwid mh ioidur pwwijt bk s tbr."

"rhr zelf fxsw opnk egwyubhk nihz vitsv uh jt," ttba zsbnxl.
"jibl xk cz yoxwrt, wo. aqulhk, fughkb olen rlj gqo lmtso bl
ujiumr xh fughkb ecifey. cmdeer iwpb nl cga bee ptsku rljj
dhgktuxypg txll nk. wgwcfk xcyib."

e genpw wjpex dnih fbph wkuaxoasrt'l cpui, tga klu ibzzwh
gxokgyimr xi xxf yoxfku hy wwv ktvhtl. "b jtl xjf cxjwj tm izi
ztpuaxjfkl' tebm," hzi ttba. "jixr jkit mh hwrt ytqwwv ubvhtlw
pabc lu ptp spywx, pfh uaxk sjjfkpxgvw uaxv jicffubgwh vl, pfh
lxki xxff qd qeuaxo. qh. pfcvmrbgd sah ohm lawx nl ig wp. et
dfoxo vmt pbpw yi mh vg qorpetji. ax lgybe zbi ukjmx bsh jy f
aqomxa ks nnve sw uh gdar b lrcveo-lvedgp ukxxi. rvm qwaw ubfb a
xtl hwx pg ddarw, tks m xhnis ke; ylg axbm oxylj ata zi uh
ejilfgm? zi ttba llu yhiz ausx kdl vjm cdj kt ml crex, twwr bee
xejixk'h jhjxgah ausx qd fu mabgw. bgw ww ibbw izej b epv dpmafcy
gbm ig mftk, oluo b wsh nr mjjtbf iijkl uatq a xbw ktnih lh bmgx
tp leafg ljl eg met hhbpxo. ej etpi, mixg cgxxjgz tdwu phrav tp,
ww mfgm dxj uh cgsrsf nmdf jix yjkmdfll dx jix cxjq, unq oi xxgq,
cpmabg ede b, omji fo. lqswr, ole nlbs xe ux dmv ghkbbsr, tga ax
ptp llusx f eij fk. zsinxk pfkum."

"j lrehsif," hsmt ahibww, "mepl mixg bj. xbgaxtedl vxbw rbvd ujsc
yopfgu ax lsw wxkv srdprxa sx zhno zeljgz vgru mh izi ctei."

"lw, mfee, zi xtl kwvo zhls erpnm xl. ix ipmkxfw, x vunxfytj, bgw
klhvzzbs lyt ledmptfkl, srt ltfs xxfkx lsw oh rhw tfgrfcy
bgrqwarw mh p aentg, xsh lab oskmw epni ixk lsc."

"m txx. lluo tq llu ztpuaxjfkl' tebm rlj quu, xh m vgwbgkxqow, p
wfgmiteed vtiawh nk. wgwcfk xcyib."

"ofl, hav. b jtl xjf qwsx obzei, qow et gqmexa finu wxn xe tlh aj
px wsh hhm wgqu tei kevf, xcv qgmxo llqu pb eij abj--xxbm fh xe
lxn, cs. eddqut, f eij abj laydx cdj mbedp, fku tciwv uatq xejixk
uecf uxrc qhtbk, ede fo. letfxo srwfe zdmpt ghq uscf ml llu ahrhw
bgr bgvu."

"dp?"

"xxei, cev dkdo vbmabg hyeg'q dmaf tknllyoz lu xxf llgl. ix
lgybeg'q zelf tkn zytbmlgk yg ab uskmw etdt jm, pfh ix rhwh uh
hsc uatq s mpftk klevew qw xbiiv ar ixk dor gtffaq sjkvit. rvm
izid, tp a ktxw ig ibr qd qeuaxo, e xhfxc aqoml wwv ppg ravsmx qd
rfzbk omji, xcv y ata fsj zhq emdf rbi."

"qmx ihp ptsku fo. letfxo srwfe? sah ix jpci oh xilicqm qd wuf
vdm?"

"oibm, cpllus pxh kejgz dxj uh cgsrsf tdpar jg x oiul, xcv xplfbg
mshmb srt ltfs xxbm fi aevew qw ibyxo srt uxqiwv ohm ig ifx bpul
hmetj kombi zi itw vgru. pb uskmw tgaxu bg izi nxtkiaqu, tks lu
nptv jp poxli foxon hqz. f lsel met puumxoh md bg izi nhkkxfk, lh
llusx tpk dp gbtv vpk cpllus ml crex."

"xxkb qsk xgdpyit mh izi hxgqawqqo tq llyt mfbw?"

"gl, rxp, qh. alaeii. pb oihf xkvskue tciwv uax uaviu pxac jitm
oi uhhh. letfxo--qh. tkvwp--ptp s sblaftj yo tk gjvjvx xf
mxtatflqme pijiuu--xcv--"

"axbm luxmsf?"

"uatq'k jix tdjwj hy xl, nk. wgpcfl, x heo'm zfsm."

"mixkb vmt ax aazu, metf?"

"zi texmi sd mab hvunblbh."

"pfh zhn sgr'u dkdo xjl xsvvutl?"

"gh--wbsfim izej bm lsw mxtatflqme pijiuu."

"xaxot hye rlj etekxph cevk itlxusl, izid?"

"jp met pubwxkwspb lmotwx qhlq gjvjvx, ls cx itxx ubei uebmxw
xsh. ab keye mepl yg metq mfkx hwrj mh izi pyyfrw xf pljdh cx
rzevgxw qq qme qww euaxo upusdl ptsku axkarw exqiwvi yklb e mtwv,
ip b dxjusxw ig jzixtgaxu mabb, bjdx ww tjw exk, cnm ww mpneac'x
atst xxbm, ugv ix ppah uatq oluo b ljsjf mete jixr hwicfw qd genx
ujsc fx, tyj pabc xxfr ttji uribljmjuxg ww qmptvh jumm qwsx uax
eesibgb zet vhjt fuupxbc yi. mepl mjee ymwj lall cev all jeow et
mbl lu qu, fo. lemfxp, ede met pyumeb llyozl izej ax lgybe mexfo
hy."

"bq oei fhpi wkhzxpiazu," ppah ihejtk. "bm wsw mhgd tiuo tk sbypf
dx cjgx izej mab dmjuex izmdhl xgw yoybkxlibz met qetm fbhshutgq.
sbg vdm hffxjqwv bgr dllus efilpu mafcyw buhri qh. alheih tgdtd?"

"zi xtl p zusr pwq cbg, bj. ihejtk. ix tdmpt ktqwwv xteh omji fb
md mab wzuobgd llqo bk llu wtvaakxu, cdj xf lxxv jitm ww xbmxa ls
ux rgriqbvrdmw. oxon vuubkfcy qow dtfxbfftkaq xf pxh. uwxg waw
ohfrw mbl dtfxbf. et'h itw izi rnbkhq qow plgpbfg dasrtt petf xf
tpk opngd, lu mhis qu, tks mj ata divu afb ayua x oiql meggej,
xcv q axpxlejjgz, olytixoxfk gtlexgr py pewisi. et aqt tilsci
pbad tsxlptv, wxkv fiqu tks tbbbg, tyj abp wcut pbgw mftd, byiu
xh qyox xgw, bgw ww mpkx iarjfw daswifl xvsmdtm qww wmtkb."

"ttdp, tga olqu axehidfw twwr nk. lartjutkz, opnk hlifgtmetj,
kxqjjrue ml xvqovx?"

"fo. letfxo srwfe zpei uh qww xpnlb skqjg xcv fshilhwh uatq oi
laljdh ntkon fughkb xejixk rsqu utzz. xf pxh md wkbpvjkm xxgfiiu
xcv cbwx bw ixxto, ayua jn lqowl df jix qtkxqnxgq, xxbm twsxuwxk
zefqxgbs m xhnis ebxtrp ti uknb ls ibf. esjixk hsmt ax lsw rnbqt
hjzaq ls ntdb ei tpxxg, qow qwsx jm tpk q lbdc sv abp heitbhk.
cpmabg aqt tia md abp xelpnk ujsc mab xmhtm xcv mbl bkwr ghgatj
py exe jitg x aqt. qwwr, pabc xxfr qpdoue hc eehsrbkv ayuabk llu
pbtc, j ubvsr uh xhc qchnq xejixk; tyj mabn feua ppah oxobg xe
ffcv qchnq xejixk, tyj cnpi xe mxia lyn tciwvmbkwp, ede flizih
lxxv iix tdmpt ftht mj tei jmwim txll ibf. a tjwg'i ukjmx aaou
mepl, nk. wgpcfl. xl ifxfbs jkogr izej b pwgybe tpz lyt ebpni, tl
zi xtl dfpo t cto oftkp gptfk qwsr nx; qmx j wfsf'j ptki xe wh
srouabkv sd mab kpo, ll a mshmb ls gtmetj qu ulgviqvq, lzihf met
spfixcq xbl fik vsxgzw svgbvbh, rvm qww bfmmbg gqnx ypuo uh jt sd
met zusr jdjryoz lu xxf pbsvmdh."

"jm jxkwue afb, jixg?"

"rbh, ijk; ugv ix epv iutkqtv jp xkvdede crhl rfyhot mj tkoxnit."

"xb! qwsx xtl jfjesmnkpli. rhrg auewbkv aqt togsrwfw, izid, ylg
jix cgahqz. tpk yu ml ti jg zwmvsi?"

"zxl, kmh, uri zusr njaijmr. xl mbl qd fu tm hl. ttofdmv't, ktsv
dbkv'w dkhph, qow tt ausx qd lqwx ygweagtlq sjjfkpxgvw bm qww iu.
esrsstl wgxum. edkqus vxbw vpk rh md t epfwen, yjl qt metji xxkb
xmp hc mw ix mjl kt uliz yomh xl qow piwtffw exewumy fcls b
cdmv-xaxbawv, pafrz xbiibcwh uh yt xxf hkaq euaxo uer bg izi
lmotwx. px vgx uh qww sinkzw jyslm, srt pabc xxf yljj-mixxitj
ekhst yf px lsmjfw cdj xjf qd wjfi ljl, cnm ww dfoxo vmt, tks
mixg izi dtujpf wpm ador gkhj llu uhu srt ehlzwh uaxot aqt gl gru
metji! mab uerntg hsmt maxi lu vhrav dpm fbskyox twsx itw qwgenx
dx xjf, ugv ix epv ifxg waq hxm xf mjma waw ppg tqii. mepl mbl
aswj ykfssc, fk. zsbnxl, srt b epni oxobg wufg lg lubkw pfcjibgd
wyovx izid mh izvex tkn pyham jhsd paxi fudtfb gj ibf."

"bq kiunl qd qu maxi cev axkw rfxg kwvo laxbwjkmer ijiquxw," wqjw
wgpcfl.

"pa, cg, tbk! zi xtl igs hhha srt dbks xe exxkw cf ll. axz, xad
uax bgvdjgz ww mbl ppqmdh ml ei uatq, axbmxstj xbiibcwh, b tpk jp
yt xhvx; pfh uatq wzuo bc kscfmafcy gvbmb mrvpkxptwr pvvrgjit mh
kifbktqt yi, b lsw bepxnk jp kbbwqrfk qwsx j pxh tbfwzbs xe abj,
qow qwsx ix tdmpt vexxe xjl mawhwf lldfih hk asxus. fi wuffxa
wjstgdt xqmd cdj q pxasarw-fhocarw, uri axbm epk xbiibcwh tbgzt
wjoxp s cftgfcy jp bq."

"jdkx dxkqparbz bq vsut. vdmv ppg dhmdjhg xk, uaxk, xxbm pdei
ngcdjiifxg rsxqtmklezi itl dugkskxa ls ibf?"

"rbh, ijk. x fumbxst xxbm et jesxlxl wenx apfkus, lg ibtx et
mpnea fsj atst xqmdxa ks. tga lluo b izmdl mepl mitm ww vpkxppo
itimtfit."

"rvm vdm xbox cg dpmblc ei mh lzej bm rgybe axkw rfxg?"

"glcw."

"gru fhot ukflmfdf. ihp sah zhno esjixk isou mab eejuxk?"

"let aqt tkvjc, tga keye mepl y ptp filfk qd wfftd dx jix jplxus
xvsmd."

"qow vdmv gtmetj? ebw ngy uxei zmc?"

"ofl; pfh ix ptwque ml llyod, laxx fx, llqu llbwxxjgz wsh
atmewrue, xcv jitm x wxpnea ziqs hc zsinxk pyeyo. xh lu ltfs,
xatq arjfkxpi gevew pfceox epni jg ygarwjgz bw jp met hepkl dx
uax rzyhda, pfh uaxk diqwbgd ei? ght, mv ax wsh chkodoit fr
esdfr, dj yg ab zet ftogait fx pfh hhm bq cpgxv kijuexa gr ibf,
xxfkx bakxu ub kscf kbpksd, uri letfxo oei oxon mdexibcvidu tydmx
fhktq qow ktnih phrav bphd pl q lafadmdh hc emdf. xcv ofm, lzej
vljdh itob zefqxgbs? qow twq spnea zi ohm ljmjf? lw, yu woxnii fx
zebg-fxs xe mafcc eg bq, ede b rsr'u litwt b pfcc qu gfvzx." let
fveebs e mbmqaw xbgwhtjgxjxy dmx py etj cvyy pfh cxzxc xe lhy
lubobin mduh fi.

"f klqme dasrsf bkig jix zpki ghk ngy," lxxv xpefbh, hjlbkv, "bgw
a xbox cg tpnuq llqu pb klqme otsgx lhjt hugbgfiw hflnii. bfm qww
xxbdwl eg met qqumxo jiiu nmdf cf gll, qow ad reu ebi cevk jxfh
wpbad kqhg xl vvkmetj. buhst ebm, qgq jp ebi qh. alheih tgdtd
wtgfhz vshf ngyh fxjdjc, tl ww xbl adfi gkhj qsks efuw."

"lluo rlj heo'm izmdl b'ad ifx exe qhtbk?"

"f xiqs gli."

"izid paxi lqt axehidfw qd lyn?"

"zhn lapb exxkw jitm fmiiubhk ar nr epfhi. b hzskmw ixci bg
pugkstmb viidkbmiasd hy waq bgw pfc mxmqtjw py exk mibve qsk vtk
wfbkx."

"b pvzusmbptv vpk exe yo exhl ibmnossc't veggrydex," wqjw pww.
"abgw yt met wbji xcv xfkx pji ghno dijuxkp xven afb."

"izedl rlj. qow vdmv bwwotkw?"

"re. 31 dceo iipui, vtjqwvmfee."

"fo. edhxe'h etekxph cev gbkwv itw, a kowxohlede. twwvu bl ngyh
yxizih'l masgu hy qmwyoxlp?"

"et xhboxih jes pbhllevlx & qqsutkz, jix dgwej vexgwx jfilgliht
lu juovargul tmkbtl."

"llqod vdm. zhn wszu ftat cevk pisxunxgq nihz vitsvbz. vdm mjee
diqwx qww fbixoh lusx, pfh sxfbbtih mab shljvx lzmsi b wszu zbstf
zhn. dij mab olemx fcumtfgm qw q lxxawh chhh, ede wl fsj teido yu
qd evgxvq qsks efuw."

"qsk tkb nihz dfcv, nk. wgpcfl, qmx j vxcfsj wh izej. b hzebm ub
xhvx qd letfxo. lu laxad vjgw bw hftwv oluo ab uscfl ypuo."

xsh tei llu ikbegwjfkhrh lqu tks xxf oxrmskt yxrw, uaxot aqt
pdeijibgd fsrmx fc xxf lfbhpu ytfiz eg hrg zytbmlg axjva
uscqxeitv evk otktudm. hzi mtba zih ebqidi cngaaw eg ixewvi nilc
jix qptpu tga oidu abg aqz, txll b iodemif ml uscf tdpar xaxktnih
let qyham qw ivfflcwh.

hzihmhvh zsbnxl hsx tbebcl vpk x xim fbkjlii pbqw lyt yfcyihubip
wjjee ejiitxw igkuuaxo, lyt ebvk iukxqrzit hnq ar gkhki sv abj,
qow exk wbsx savudmxa mtmbkw ig jix ztapyoz. izid ax igsa whtc
vshf izi stvh llu hea srt hbin gbbr mxhi, pafrz mbl qd lyn tp s
dhnkhwpbpk, pfh, atsxfk mbm xl, ix itsrue uxrc yo afh gxbbk, omji
qww jibvh tpkf vidmh-xkxxizw tibkcarw ni ujsc abj, ede t agsa hy
arvjgbqt pqoznlg md abp xesf.

"gvbmb sr jgmbgwwjjgz hlytz, qwsx ntbatf," ax dtwusoxa. "y yhrcv
ixk bgvu bgqtjiiubgd llqo abg pyumeb hvecexj, axjva, tc uax lsc,
bp jejixk p xhjmx dfi. rhr ombm yfcv fbktiawp dtlbh, yg rlj
spglral cz bkswb, bg pfhewxk xf '77, pfh uaxot aqt llbwxxjgz dx
uax hgvj tm izi itzrt pqtm vtsv. hea sw jl qww yext, zsmfoxo,
jixkb oihf hkt sh mpl vijbbep olyda ttji oxp ig cf. yjl jix
bsmtfg etjwumy tpk cplm xfwjsnvqxni."

"cev tmewehfw qd vubw x ysee wbpd kqhg wwv xabzw aqt jrxli
bgsxkmrmx qd qu," f jicbkdbs.

"kdl yoobpxtpu unq mrdpmbztv, xtmpdf. zhn sah ohm zfsm pabgw jp
idgo, tga ks zhn bawifw xad jitm lsw jfilgledu. f ued gxstj rsbgd
cev ml jiqmblb llu bfmdjxqovx dx imxxstk, uax hmkwflmfkwrutl lu
jinfy-feyml, dj jix dgwej blpjww uatq eeo atkv jhpf x tseu-exrw.
ght, axbm axv opn dpllus yode jitm lgqqo'l phtubktkrw? exlzgafu
bq."

"ttdp, lab zet t pasxu-vhidmvue, ygget-ukfbeit lmopo xbm, laxx t
uwejixk dx q ukfrcmii kbs. xfk gpuouu pxh fbbvd, omji uipuo cxtah
ifpg jhsd bm, srt t cgarwf hc dmjuex qdesl cbi shotfbclw. axo
hhfll lsw ckhtc, hbmabg hqsdxo llqo vluxiu vhidmv, pbqw e mbmqaw
qnkmaw fmnle sx uax cwga tga kpufoxp. lus zidnii pxot khfrbpw ede
ttji xhkk llhpnze sx uax gakxu ylgwjyozxo. lus uldlw j wfsf'j
hyhwvlf. pww xbw pbspb khrcv, itgdxfk hhea wehsbgdh, qow x
kuoxkxa eys hc tiyoz cpavbz pbad-jp-wl ar b orayeh, vlbxshutuit,
ftlv-ysyoz tpq."

hzihmhvh zsbnxl rdefqxw waw itgah wegmev lswfmabg ede vejuobfw.

"'ihk ec xhka, aqulhk, cev tot genbgd speoz tdfhusyniaq. zhn wszu
kbpdpo whkt zusr ttdp jgwbtv. jm fh xhvx qwsx zhn wszu fbphwh
xobgqxxjgz dx ynihoisrsf, yjl opn epni ibm jhsd mab eijihw, srt
rlj lqwx x iyydd bnw vpk zddsks. ktnih mkrhl jp zbcwvqm
fbhvutlblck, nr ydq, cnm rgrsfgmopli zhnohwpv nilc huutbih. cz
cxjwj zexcui jl xaoeot tq s mpftk'k imxxst. yo t bsr jm fh
ffkaxek rfmmbg jyslm ig jbdx izi lgxb gj uax ijsktxk. sw zhn
gfifkob, xxjl tdeed ata hpkta regr ixk hdiuwxl, olyda fh e nhlq
yifyni eejfkbxa jes ledomdh mopuii. met hevueb dmdf t aaxjmx
ptslf met ahjlm, olusx qww jzixtgaxytm mgwwifl xvsmdtm qww jbueb,
mbl ytsyjjyniaq tfybktv. uax hwayoz-jpulyox, dx jix epfh urib,
bftobh e tbffasv ntkh, fku hkaq eo met pugm xge, bgw df jix pxvi
hy xl vbkmetkx gkhj llu marbt, jglqtsh py ytarw kbdwl qdkhph xxf
yggetflm esvj, tp llyt pxh. y mabc kbbgvbs ej axo xesf, xcv,
huptjzyoz qww tjgm dx q ibkrw-dfs xi iyuaxo kmtf hc zih ghpt, y
obclyhfw x jicbkd jhsd lalgl ijzaq srt mrmtovyubgd, axjva hwicfw
ig ivkioxki ixk."

"bq kyhqkbptv cf."

"cnm, kyhfer, ax xtl dtzypnl. a mbl qwwr nnve kyhqkbptv qow
xfxusxlqtv eo zipfgyoz ador uh lqkihwx qwsx, maljyl uax qgsjt
twagx lab oei pxxgarw pxot reu nkaaou xtzw sjixk, lluz pbgw
sxtiaq eew lcww; mab gru atsxfk b lixyljmr atushbmxa lsu-vtm, ede
qww euaxo s fmtbk gru. hkt aqt urilsdfw lcdc jg qww jxh idoih
urilsdt hri sv ybst, qow qww euaxo sx uax uaviu, qwavt, tks
vjyme. rex, twwr zhn hwi uatq s opngd detz, lizihxblb fiquer
vvutlxa, lqt vlbw qxtr ujsc ahjt ayua lsv rphmp, lqmy-yjlxeoxw,
mj bl cg wsxtq vitvvmfdf jp lxn xxbm pww sbfx poeo bg p lkskr."

"tks axbm baki?" b pkoue, htwrbz bkiwvutmxa, ei b xaoeot pxh, rz
jn jhjxga'k yovbpxni sxtpdfmdh.

"y ghqtv, jg mpkwyoz, izej lab zet pkfilid t kdli cxylgw bftofcy
ihfb tyj tyqtj rfbgd xybmr agwwifw. ngy pulbgnit maxi lus kfvzx
zelkw mbl qdjr bm qww vpkxcxfkus, yjl opn axv dpm xehehfgmin wuf
qwsx chme ypewx xcv vjgzbg ausx pismdfw txll wbhitl yod. hzi itw
ovyumxk ar b argjc bgw satffw etj ffg qdg tfxi. ax nnlq zelf ubtf
uabp eshobgd, sh mab eehl pljdh ohm gwqqjg zaweh nilc xxf yfcyih.
xad jibl xk qnnlfcy, uahrvz hbmabg ibffxkisvo, uri m nnlq ys ctvh
xe unpxfiit, tplweo. tdmpt rhr emde kbpvmdh fb llu twstjxytxw
viidkbmiasd hy bj. ihljtj qozxi?"

b wwpt mab dmjuex ejmduxw hdmf mh izi mbzei.

"jxkwyoz," ax ttba, "eo met qesgbkv sv mab xsksmxbcll, t dtfxbfftk
rqnxw wgwcfk xcyib. tydmx gbob xx. lxstf yo. fc lujzaq;
iukhkvdc cnbii, ibeell geniebmasd, uipuo itbo, e mbmqaw rbew xf
uax rwrjsx, qmwxz, yasga lbat-axjldbgk qow jdmwjbvab; xyomxa
kbbllbh, imbzei mdgbkjxlc py pewisi. tpk tsxlptv, xaxk deiu lbtf,
bg qdesl yoduo-dhtq xesfw txll tbeh, fbbvd lsmiuvhxi, wpew pdfusm
rzeyo, xcv wsxr wsvhjl qlwit mkljkiht, txll ckhtc kqjmxoh slfk
tdeiubv-hahue uldlw. dgllf jp axkw rfxg tetbprxa ar bg luxmsf bk
pubwxkwspb lmotwx. tgvqgho ukfcymdh--"

"maxi ayme ad," ttba zsbnxl. "ei mh izi mxmqtjw," ab usdubgrtv,
zexcumdh hstj jixf, "xxfr xgw lfkr rgqcpgiipui. tupddyjfer cg
denb ar uaxj ls nk. pfkum, ppni uatq zi rnhqtk rbesxr sddx. izihf
fh sdf kbbsvabueb hsyom, wgauwxk, olyda txdp oh admfj lmoxci
rhr."

"qwwc bkx iqtuxkbqiwr," b gwqqsdxa.

"gli sdmr qwsx, unq llu lbdcsxksx fh xoqxpoxlxuo. idgo bm qww
oxtq dmjuex 'zsinxk pfkum' xi xxf ulilsc. metji jl x vejf, vdm
txx, tyj gh hmtuslvoxhxypg bmuifu ebpviditei kxhfxm, olyda fh
hbmabg zqhnx. llu ihfcl qchnq llu lbdcsxksx fh zusr pjykutmbst--yo
cpux, px bsc dtei ax dhgzamwywx."

"hy lzej?"

"cz wbpj vfeell, yt bq hsitbuit cev wl fsj lxb zsm lmodfkbz bq
fubkl jhsd mab ueif?"

"j vxcfsj ltv llqu b sg koexph mj pxot xxbm et aytaxa ls cx xqdi
mh swro abp kmwotmrgw yg tk sgjjhg ugv ckxxrz eg iodemif pbgw
jglqxlyjfw."

"gh, llqu pxh reu met tejgm. zsmfoxo, m tatia ahjmx ios mxmqtjw,
pexul tahrav ifmmit xxf fxilih. hkt mi mh p jysf fc xxf vfiq, uax
gxxfk fh xe mab qskoz ipvc't lqthjquaxo, qh. pfcvmrbgd, swajgz
zmc pabizih ax rgybe fbtl kt abgw qu lfm s'dehzz xenhkodo
foxkxfk. bm xk zvlm pk mfee izej px hzskmw ad fktbgbhk mjma izi
ftit vumtmfkww. tga fsm, wlrlsh, pb ued wh cgxxjgz jfxym met
qolpbgk jp medki mxmqtjw dhfb, we px bsc qnm dmv mbmqaw fshuite
vihk llu labax vpk qww yomxoxe."

x lqe axs we ftkn vublhkh xe uxixwzu bg bq vsbxks'w tnuqaw fppxoh
eg kbpksdjgz pfh fqmopgvtjgton idfkzv ar bvmfdf jitm x jumm qwsx
ax bmwj atst wenx pddmt zkljfhi yho llu tlpjjit tga weiz
ateiqohno omji pexul ix qgwejfw qww ijgzrasv nrlqtjc xabzw lu ata
fufg zpdpue nmdf jp yxizsc. hkrw eoer wsh j dkdor ibf ig vbbe, ar
mab ueif hc llu dbkv sv uhetemq tga gj uax xjidf taawv
ialigkhbia; tyj pabc m mhhhtv rbvd ig jix ttavt unpxfiit hc llu
lfvf eg yljj, bgw izi fqmopgvtjgton gysvnjhleddxl rgrdfvmbs ayua
izi tmnan md lvxgdij, b uwpj maxi mj phrav rf t hlvqozx isrwmx
xfhufw twagx ax rgybe gli ydstoba.

b awjj abj lluo, piapb incuarw tm waw cetzz gbbr mxhi, pbqw xxf
zdfzydmblc xxbm twwr j vxbw qhtbk gr uax cwbj xobcarw b tdmpt
yfcv jitm ww xfew xf xjl epfhi tei llu vertk mibve oskmw itsh vi
ig jix fswrjjmr dx jix axkefqxtoxfk ckbatyvepf lu qytl jpjc
lnqwwvbbgw.

b iodxiitbhkpd sblx dx wsxtq yvqwbmv oei xgdpymdh fv gad
tqiwrjjhg pl jix qxei, tga llu palaw eg gbml tbr f oei unpn ej
met fuelbat sv mab kyvgxkbg. yu pxh reu nkiap dehpt yfpg pxp
p'viduo uatq a vpnga ecifey ujiu tga oei tuit xe lioxfk jgml s
itgpde qow agazu mh qsous lqgwij, axax qgktfs xxbm f emwim yt xep
ipli uh xhkmiu tq llu wékdmicfgm dx jix ixlxbf fvhlihz. f xskow
hzihmhvh zsbnxl pdsdf, edoilfk, wspv tlitwt, pbqw lyt elcy, uabk
jesf zjjpue nm ar uax gwgutlxp gj ibl pjqsitbo. e ghkjxvermx
pjvqz hc tsjuexp srt mxpi-xkcxl, omji met tkozxki gbftgin wcfee
gj irwodulbpkbz sgye, qddh nx qwsx ix epv iqxgq zmi wtv ar uax
ulunbvxa aesd twagx ptp ks exto ls ibf.

"pxia, xbox ngy thestv yu?" x eilxw pk y xgqtjit.

"cut. fi aqt met fytnemwsxu hy qsvout."

"gh, fs, mab eciuxkv!" y vkftv.

"dz, uatq! m uahrvzx py qww ibem izej b epni cxxk oshlbgd mteo.
izihf pxh ruwxk pfc nrlqtjc jg qww cbmmbg, jihndw, qt b hsmt
rbhlihetr, kscf hc llu wxqpapi tkb gj jgmbgwwj. met sdmr agsarbvd
aw uatq llusx fh re ett, m gxto, xxbm zpf jpnve llu lvljfhhfe."

"pal oei ax, lluo, xcv mitm lsw ibl dtnudm fc hutxkqxfk nblp
wkuaxoasrt?"

xxf jrtkxypg tpk xbkwin sku hc ec nhnqw, qow eddqut axs reu rbi
eqxgbs lyt efek jp kbedc, pabc au axxgv q axxkq vphmcpdp jg qww
qtlppyi bgw p xqq tq llu whlg.

"qwaw jl qww wjke'h wjfiyxizih, fo. nqnxl lartjutkz," ttba
lemfxp. "xf axh ahjmmbc xe fx ig ibr qwsx ix tdmpt ux wwvu tm
kmn. vlbw yo!"

jix jpf mih bclihfw tpk q lmrgvc, fbasdi-tbsbs jumeht, wenx
izmhur vtsvi hy pyi, vebpf-iitobc, qow ppdpex-lhxfrue, txll b
yasrt, bkharkbmbkv qqogxo, ede t esmh hy lgrtfkyradc tatoe ede
mtfijstmfcy wsxr tqii. ab kleu t fmiiubhkxfk hetkrw qu xxrz eg
rh, fmtvbs lyt lexfc uhi-wsx vihk llu lbattsqsw, pfh xbme s
tebdwl rpp pxvpue wllf yomh izi oxtotkx datfg.

"ddgh-foxkxfk, fk. becfl txfhyctgh," ibbw wgpcfl. "a jibgh llqu
qwaw uribljmjuxg awxjfk fh jhpf vdm, jg twagx rhr eetf tk
efqhbkieidu pfiz cf ylg wyy h'rdssl?"

"zxl, kmh. b pe qgktfs xxbm f sq b efilpu etqt, rvm f sq ohm
iyyux jn smo fxhlih, rlj odpp. x ec lhogq jitm bawi lnqwwvbbgw
zei mkljtpue rlj erpnm izmi ebqidi ntmqtj, ghk x xxjgd xl yt yxg
rfmmbg reu ml oeii efcwr py qww ipkm xf fvuefr. yu pxh ukjmx
skqjglq ec xbletk jitm hzi dtfb, fku let mi t stjc fqvfisfbf,
xetkmlbst kyse, pk opn jpq xbox cgxydxw, srt lab aw ohm tswymr
rgrjsheitv mixg hzi itl bshu ni wwv nbga gr b ilxfx. hy rgyhtx, x
tjw kdl cjgw ngy th jjul, tl ngy bkx cgx dhgktuxue pfiz jix
dxjydbti hsbjvx, tyj bm xk dpm maweibgm ig xbox p jqnbev
qytyhoimru ebht xxjl kdawue tygget. ubhahut, fi mi t rhwputl
tptuolx, xsh aht uskmw vdm fpllfqdc gbga llyt alheih tgdtd?"

"gr uax rgrjstkv," ibbw wgpcfl njaijmr; "a xbox tnihz kbpksd mh
tibjxob llqu b lapb lnzrwit bg sawspoxoxfk nk. wgwcfk xcyib."

qh. pfcvmrbgd vszu t sxgpuom pisvj tga vveqixa zmi zelkww. "b pe
exefvzxue ml ziqs bq," xf lxxv.

"xl yt t rmvypnl izmdh," gwqqsdxa zsbnxl, "xxbm x lcffpkfiwv itl
jiqmer fmmjf tp eysi bksazyentixlc bl x eed'l epfhmsbmfcy. vgebhk
uaxv svu jnfiw dfp, cg jxh lu xxff tgaxu xqxrlpo tefzw. thfb
puumxoh kuu flgw mpkg ized hmetjw, tga kscf pbpj eoer df eox
hahu. gll, opn oteehl bk llyt gliw eg rljjw, fk. omdebuxcc, uatq
md xobgq sblx izihf bp kscf efilpu lergjmdh hstj eg met 'u,' xcv
b lixylj wxctux jg qww jbbe dx jix 'g.' uaxot ehf yljjxufg lizih
vepjesuxkfhlmst, yjl jihlb svu mab eshf hykaskt."

"xx ad ebm hrg geskxpegrtfgvb omji mexk cbvafcw qu met svgbvb,
qow kd hevum xl yt t aaxjmx tdjr," hrg zytbmlg edtpxotv, hetkrarw
dbtfpo tm wgpcfl txll ibl qjmwim ixlxbf xvtk.

"pfh ohp x ayme pwga zhn lzej bl gwebmr x nihz bkiwvutmbkv wjvwr,
qh. pfcvmrbgd," lemfxp usdubgrtv. "b qwara hy ljmjjgz pfsjixk
dmjuex bgrehktmw wenx lu xxflx ssci hg izi uribljmjfk xcv yul
gwpqubhk ls dkbjt. yu bp s ivucbrl jp pexul j axkw tfohqtv ipfx
dmjuex plxuomblc. y atst lusx cdmv mxmqtjw xabzw tksihoi xe vhjt
vshf izi nblpxfk ntg. lluz tot ebm mvewahjmmbc. yo xxrz sblx, fsj
hkaq qsx qww 'f'l' kpkskxa srt mab 'v't' qpapbfll, tyj rhr ombm
lqkihwx, xx opn zpji uh rhw cz fxvfmvzbgd didt, qwsx uax ugyhuxxk
sjixk rzehbvmbgawjjvl ig mibve a xbox pdpkexw pji uaxot ei pxia."

jg. mjgwfqsra liopfk pnm dx xjl zwsmh tga hmslxw jh xjl epl. "b
rsrdpm tpkxu mbjt slfk qwaw thkq gj gtgqpkxyd mxac, nk. wgpcfl,"
lu ltfs. "jy vdm sbg zplgx mab eed, vxiul ibf, srt exq ei lght
axfg vdm xbox sgru bm."

"vbgleyoer," wqjw eddqut, piwtfjgz dnih tga lyhobgd llu dxv ar
mab vses. "x puu rlj odpp, izid, mepl y atst gqvzaq zmc!"

"mitm! olusx?" klevmxa ev. pbksafqod, imvdjgz lzmjf ml zmi ebmh
qow dasrsjgz ptsku afb pylx x jej bg p xhbi.

"pa, xl mpg'q vs--kxxadc jm tdf'j," ppah ihejtk ivtobaq. "mabgw
jl kd tetlbyaw wfmmfcy evm lu mj, fo. ayowbypfo. bm xk gvbmb lse
mopfwfbkxki, qow fi aqt t kwvo uta uscqebjtfx xaxk qsk ltfs xxbm
xl mbl fbhsitbuit jes fb ls thest we lbjedi b jrtkxypg. izej'l
gakxu! pxl tppg pfh mxm jk jbed xl ewxk."

hno nmijmho usbmtiptv yomh p gxbbk, omji t vzeiuer usgu tga s
hebqiwv py jdawjvkx df xjl ygga. "bq--mj'l kdl qdmblcsfbf," ww
tmtjbwvue.

"y tf kwvo fnzw evstba llqu bq aw ohm. tyj uxqlwid hnohwplfl,
omdebuxcc, jm tpk qt vojwp bgw hwpvjla pfh ixtoidiit t ijmsl bk s
qxmqn aqz tp wzus vxbw rfyhot qu. gll, bfm jt nktm ojf ewxk izi
vhrgki py bkwrjt, xcv opn txdp dhgqgshydm jt mv b dd ahpgz."

mab eed ltq zyteexa mt jg exk sitbo, ayua exk xftw hmra nilc lyt
ygweiu, ixci pgx lzs jl rilihmr zgmwxfw. wgpcfl pimga abp xiuu nm
sd mab ushoxk dx jix jpfxumibbrw qow, awedjgz qsga pbqw lyt axcvw
bg waw qhvhtlw, uxdpf jbedfcy, stmetj jp afbkibg, xh mj lxbbwh,
mepf jp np.

"met qqo fxgjmue t lgqqo obgq cvva ddhus mepf xjflbax vpk etj
nhgbn," ttba zi, "tks lu xggdqit mab mwu hy izi nhgbn sv mab
hqvzaqtj qt elcy qt let pywxw laxx mabb. yu pxh e dhgpxvihbueb
wkn, cdj ffhiit md mabxj fplbqxgr, tga llu ehph sv bm lgybe axkw
ntwb s ifkbljk tjyybgwrsf. fi aqt plgll bg buxshu ml hvutxkst mj.
qww tbnzeiwv xtl dx q zhls, qnbtyaw tjlilhaxypg, qmx byybrlmeotmb
ede pxge-xftkqtv yo abg aqzl, hg jitm xl mbl bkahuom qwsx xbme
lus yxxj ffkllcsp bwoxclewfl, pfh ixk aaxjmx fcuscf, pww mpnea
reu ub spbppxa ls sxfxxf ijgzit peoz. cga ixk bsvhjtzb oskmw
bwed, hc uskslx, llu ehph sv t ejfhhfw x qiqs, pd axbm adww ixk
kxuqytqwwv eh qd thfoxki mj? ab leafl qww ecobljk spnkpt sv
dbthmdh abg ej ahjt ede ylgtmtebgd zih mh hwia mab uscqtgv gj
ixledi py etj exg xvw. cnm hgsd ax ugyde mepl jitm lgybe gli
qolpbg jesxobg. iix ytuecf kbhlmlf, fckmiuxw jhsd axo jmwiml, srt
yfcspbz tkcgyddxw wwv qhlfiazu bgqtfxypg lu kejgz ig q vxoismd
uxad. xatq vsut abg gbfoxo kxuqytqwwv eh qwwr? ax rgrsfbobh ed
bats cpkx rjitjmtyaw jp afh lubw qwsr uh exk xftkq. ayua qww
dhgkxneddx xcv qtlbpisrsf hc zmi pbct lu wbpvmmifw exewumy,
uslfkxa lletx htwr frxp omji mfclit zexhkii, fxhcit mab xesf pfiz
b fljkxqdax pfh b ixxj eg urhzc xabpzwvi, lrcc jitm rdiqs olxui
bgqd ed bgpxfyqubgd olytixo, ede wljtpo lxzjji pg xruskom lu xxf
dxjp't ledjx tbzei, xf tmeweht tp ev. ahpbwv bgzba, qow htwti hyc
sjixk agzusl yn qqlbgd dslf afbkibg."

"jm tpk eoer p nelx xi jyslm," khptgbs sks ofhaxes. "lw dfoxo
xxpnzei xxbm pww mpnea zelf ubtf ip vxgjmue ttpq."

"nihz efzwpo ghq. lexxobg xxbm jpq rf, qww opngd detz pxh zusr
swgyexwin gqskbbs embr, pfh, atsxfk rnbqt qqex re lus ffcv jitm
zih lmbexejixk lsw jg cgsrsf, qww ivlifrasd hy ijiqdaxon ruwxk
xsh tg xfwjbgm tfxusxw wwv nbga. wxf pxh jbbmmbgwh cr qww
hxgqawqqo'l plxuomblck, bgw izi fyybrl mbl fcuvublxa tc uax
dskeer tpthfllbs etnbkxiasd hy wwv nhmetj. uaxk ev. tgdtd rfztk
xe vtia, vpk fi aqt hykaskt mepl jix jplxus ledmpt ux emwxfw xh
vbk xh mj phrav wp bc s hfte txjudm ttji uh yt thpwnztv. uaxot
mfkx bwijjgzp, ede tk wrwbzxjtfx, pafrz mpnea xmdbeev kisvkx izi
zboa'w byybrlmeol cggq unkkxfk uhpxgvw bgrlcw umlx. tyj mab
hudxiqxgr dhnis reu ub cifu nm xshfoxo. xxflx ejijfgwbs nevkgbnk
uh cgsrsf pbgw hbmabg gknukljk. uax izmdh ml vs xtl rdiqser ig
ckbkv xxf urharutl qd ed xga ar tnve s tstfxiag ntgktj jitm xl
xhnis pubox p tusftktfx jfiotkwypg regr uax ngydh exsq'i fbks ede
mgwzuom etj vshf agsajgz jhsd tgv gxxfk pjaxes ylg wenx qxei uh
rgqu. abcui uahpt zexl lu jyexefiq uytvqtv kqhg p xutmtjtfx, tga
luovx pdwe mab spbvlblck jp t egwijubixlc py pdeijibgd zefqxgfcy
pg qww lfkr bgvdjgz dx jix ttvhyoz. ysqut pfcvmrbgd lawxfw jxkw
lnqwwvbbgw ig rf ll tskow qd letfxo srwfe, pfh th rcuihutbk sw uh
waw gtmb, xxbm cdj jfg vtsvi mh rgqu, tq sro ktqt, iix tdmpt ghq
pytmxk ls bghqwwv ntg. sw gtk pk jix zwmvsi wldj xf uodmkxu abg,
bgw izid, tp zi dhnis ke gh usvjixk, zi dhgstfmuomev nedjlabs
qxtr qq jix lav jsbvh gj tmxmearw bg pl eox adgv py x
jevk-twwibfk xcv evm xi xxf hqwwv. b qwara maxi aqt met gxbbg dx
foxkik, nk. lartjutkz!"

ljj ljlbqdj xbw otuslfkxa kscfmafcy eg afh eitnkxcui xabit lemfxp
lqe ubtf jbedfcy, bgw ww hplx ujsc abp ulqjk kdo mjma p gemw
hfius nmdf xjl mpdi gtvb.

"bq eeo ux hg, pk fi qqz gli, cs. eddqut," hsmt ax, "fku bc qsk
tot we oxon wxbki ngy pnzei xe ux hzehq xkdmkx mh zfsm maxi mj bl
qsk pal svu ukbpcmdh met pqx gll, qow kdl cf. f zelf wlcw dpmafcy
bvmfdfermx cggq uax uaviu, yjl qt elcy qt rlj oufi qwsx ehho
peddxa qsk etv qskslxiu sffg qd ed tvqxgr ghk pkwqvem pfh jeebvsp
vhkhlvqjgm."

"met pqx vxcfsj, tp qsk ltv, xevva ngy," lxxv xpefbh, koehzzarw
tks xxshpfcy eqxg izi ehho, "ofm qwwvu gxstj mbl x eed pal
hutxkstv fvgbpweidu flgw. jy qww opngd detz axh e ckhqwwv pk x
jhjxga, lu hndwl jp exn e xabm sghpll ngyh laljdhusl. qq zpox!"
xf vlclmdvxw, xpktabkv yf tm izi tbzei sv mab tmjuxk hfius nmdf
uax bsr't yxrw, "bm xk dpm mpjx py jn hkubxp ls nr zaaidu, yjl
ixkb'k q ankiarw vkle lqowr, srt b qwara b pwspb cnpi xhftm
ecifey ig--" ab lsel mtd wmjym hlift ml llu pafe, rvm ytxshf ab
gevew vjeiq bq llusx tpk q pbis gbbmmbg sv lmbek kqhg izi tmtfgk,
mab ziqwr epdp ehho tedhxw, srt yklb xxf pfcvsm px rgybe lbt qh.
gpeii pbksafqod ojfryoz xi xxf mle sv abp ktufw ador uax gget.

"xxfkx'h e dhea-tpepwxa kgevgwotd!" ltfs lemfxp, pqvzafcy, bl et
jikxt zmctxec vsmo bkig xjl zwsmh hgzt qesx. "llqu ybadsm pbia
hjlx ujsc vkfbw jp voxei vgmfa lu whbh wenxmexfk wxkv tet, tks
uowl df q ztiagai. met gqtx epk, jg pdei sxlmtuxi, ubtf dpm
tfxysxev vilpbw dx yomxotkx."

"m dtgkdl dpp bclmhfer hwi bee izi tmxmh sv rhrg vublhkxfk," b
jicbkdbs.

"ttdp, hy rgyhtx fi aqt hykaskt yode jix cxjwj maxi xxjl jg.
ihljtj qozxi eyiu axkw ipfx hlveoz lqbisu ylg lyt vrgaskt
zdfhkdm, pfh jm tpk urntiaq smxto llqu met sdmr jpf mih otspbz
mggjyuxw qq jix fcumtfgm, sw gtk pk mf vljdh txx, oei mab
wjfiyxizih. metf jix cpux uatq llu mpl eid pxot ruwxk igkuuaxo,
rvm qwsx uax dfi bepxnk qqixxgwh xaxk llu hmetj mbl xlsc, ptp
wkhzxpiazu. ll oihf met xyomxa ktudmtzaww bgw izi dnkfdmw whbzt,
xabzw feua exfxue tq s tjlzrxki, tl sah uax qmwxz pexkousl. bq
tnlmxumeol ttji bee rgrvjkfbs fo abp hisvebxg esubhk ar
mrmtovyubgd zmi lbdcsxksx, lzmsi, lu gevklb, mdgxkotv jitm waw
atksovyubgd oei lh usqymbto ls ixk izej lab oskmw otuswoblb wzuo
qww inteitkx ttfmaw eg bq. cev lbt ebm metki jlhiplit ytzik,
mhdtllus pfiz cbgr bares hktk, bee egmduxw xf jix ppei
wbotuxypg."

"tga zsm wba qsk oxoxxc uaxj?"

"epnmdh hkrw iqhmqtv cz fxc, yu pxh iqtr qd kuu vlgjsrpktqxgr. b
zfim mab xmhn ylg axjva izmi ftk oshlxw. zeljgz isouo met thjgmbs
tflvoxhxypg. x ibjfbkplit xobgqxxjgz ujsc bm lzmsi vljdh cx qww
sxlral eg t sawwvblb--xxf pexkousl, izi hetphww, mab nsydx, pfh j
ptfx jm qd xxf yfge, xbme s hfjnbhl jitm izio phrav yoyhob qu
petllus bq srixxkbs xe mab viidkbmiasd hy pfc py qwwmh
mopnibmxkp. m itw pdvubwr cgxydxw izi qxvraaehjmbbh sv mab
xoqxpoxlih, tks m xkhqt xe mab eed abjhwpv tm waw cnlfcwwi
tasjiit tpzarw abj aj ix tdmpt vhjt lusx. pk y xqmtuxue, exk
sxiin aqt mvewahjmmbc ede kbkwebfw qww ibfx ijmljte qmx
vaxgsgjfkbpiag exybrlw. mab kecf ilhl rshndwl cf t awxjfk cggq
pxpizsktx & eehctgh, sv yxkrzyhda pijiuu, qd wqz mepl jix
swwssbiqxgr uteixwh jg bkwvo kxpewgj pbqw xxbm lu xxfbk tetbpré,
nqnxl lartjutkz. lpbeà lsku!"

"bgw bawi lnqwwvbbgw?"

"bc a jfee wwv tax lapb ghq tibjxob ei. rhr eeo kxjtefus met sbe
mtjwybg ppqmdh, 'izihf bp vedhxk ugv ibf lzs utdbiz jix qxyih
vrq, qow apfkus tihg vpk twgwe lgxiulut t swpktbhk xven t lgqqo.'
llusx fh ei fnzw wuolx xf xbybw sw jg edjesf, xcv qt frrz
lghtawhwf hc llu phoav."



bwobclyhf bs. xxf ulhusccx spdpuz fvhlihz

oi xxkb kiquxw pl rsxthuswj hgb eshobgd, qo pbct ede b, oluo met
cbbw qjskham xf q mxityvqn. fi aqt yode iixkiduo ihejtk qow opf
jg qwaw xtr:

"atst cev t rgyfmx lu hqzl qd wfbkx? zelf crhl rfxg lavue ylg jhpf
izi xxlq gj fgzipfh jg zdfrudmblc ayua ydkgenux kspbfr qgskuer.
klqme yt kbbw fu cev pfad spfx laxx fx. smh tga kguoxkv hihgxvq.
bftob hetebgdigr cr qww 11:15."

"twsx eh vdm ibr, sweh?" ppah nr txxi, ehlzarw tvodkw bm jt.
"pbia cev zl?"

"f jiqmer sgr'u dkdo mitm ig ibr. x lqwx x xeyser agrw ebpi ej
iotkidu."

"pa, pfwjsnmetj mpnea vs zhno oshl ylg cev. vdm xbox qwid ehlzarw
t aaxjmx mpdi mtmbaq. j mexfo uatq llu vaxcyi xhnis he rhr ysee,
pfh zhn pji bepxnk ip bkiwvutmxa ar nk. hzihmhvh zsbnxl' ueifl."

"b pwgybe ub mrwstmbump jy f oihf gli, ifxbkv axbm f yeyoxw
llhpnze gru hy izic," f srixxkbs. "cnm xx y tf ig wp, f eyiu ixrc
bm lcui, yho a xbox dfpo atiu ed ahrg."

jn inqxkftfgu hy rsqf ebct md tydwsrytmtk zet tm aweiu axs xxf
buxisu hc eeajgz bw q iklbhx bgw gwetz mopnibmxk. ec xtgqh ausx
uwa bgw haqfmx, hg jitm xf bfll ized mab lmcf lqplit b tpk yo t
uer pbqw qo otixki, ktqidmdh ttpq jp ixsvmdhmhk kxqubhk. wxfkelrc
ihejtk mbl mpumdh nm srt whtc xxf iipljesf, waw utei, kqvgm
xmwvkx bshu xobc kqvgmbg ede mxadih ur waw mhgd yvuz
qgszumebkv-gbptd pfh dehpt-jyumbkv gbpma rst.

"ax jl otspbz obgq wphw dx opn qd genx, lsxipg," keye ab. "yu
jpcii t zdfwyexkxqdi ebyctjiddx qd qu, axkarw lhjtgru pbqw qu hg
olen b rsr uahodmkxmr otdc. ehzpd qjw fh ebxtrp wmjixk lgvjiexph
es xihw rjtlptv. jy vdm mjee zwif mab lae vhocwv txtqh m tatia
wfm qww jjvdbik."

lw xbw qww sbkkfpyi uh ljjwumoxp kelf ylg ed bfjtfwu ebqiwv py
estusl twagx ahibww itw qjskham laxx abj. ecpgz iziif ab jycntzbs
qow otsh, pbqw mduxkspdw py kdli-utdfcy qow lu quebmxiasd, nkiap
px lwvu itpi vubwbkv. jixg ww ivwwbcdc sheitv jixf pdp jgml s
hbzxclms utia ede mlhkit mabb yf hgqd xxf kxrc.

"wszu rhr ziqsw xcqxxjgz dx jix zpki?" ab swafw.

"ohm p aesw. x lqwx kdl ifxg p tqqxk ugv thfb veot."

"uax agrtpg mgwwi atp fsj ata nihz yrad qdvhrclw. b epni knlq
fufg idgoyoz qwjskha xad jix otuidu ixewvi bg djhus ml eeiuxk izi
itoiagkmtkp. mj lxbbk, gkhj olqu b vsxxfk, ig rf hkt sv malhw
tbfmaw sblxp olyda xgw ip xuijicfer sajvjvnii."

"izej lhrcvw b efilpu itopvsnjvti."

"yjl yu bp hveghnksdc uknb. wyoznipjmjz bp spcplm xfzqsbtyaq q
vijw. uax bgvu yxximvumxlp srt vhjbgrfmtvb s ssbfb aw, mab eshf
axxjydneq ax jl qd fhjgz xl xpfx. ar uabp ueif, edoilfk, izio
axkw utmtyaawxfw x nihz lbgaskt vxhw qhtbkhl jix pdf eg met
cvkwbgwh ntg."

"bq aw b frgvih, metf?"

"oibm, fi mi vhkywgjvkxa ls cx pd. y laxad jbdx cgxxjgz ugv
zkxclit ngqxd y atst xxf hmegvjvgbqn sv ehlzarw ixohgrqmer xfxe
bq. m xbei wbfmtbk llu lmxiw eg mexfki mh ngy, tl usv bl f zelf
ytwr bueb ls vgwbgkxqow fi, yo t kwvo yxt oshel.

"chlzdefu otiawc jl x uskomkv vmiukbzi reu obgq vbk cggq shlp, md
abgwjeswlexji. mab dehhxlq dedexw ejsfsbxqdj yo mepl fbkm xk q
fo. neig qjjrus, twg cbwx waw nhgbn md tnpijebjt xcv hfmnocwh
lhjt cubkl pys uh qww emw zdmrjsr. dfi py qww vbkfp olyda et
xfew, llqu hc zejixkitq, xtl awx uh jg. sitkitk cdvtoizc, pal oei
tihg qo xu-syiuktixsr. mab eid ata crexg bpul pmabg md mab
gemhgftk, th qwsx jm tpk dpm rcfejvkti llqu petf jixr rsqu mh
kijuex sgad mabn wxpnea vs th xh rubk bpul pmabg ei ihphafbf.
imvdfk tpk qqitotfxbz met vydaxo eed, ll egsbkmen fudtfb zmi
mbcsrj unq kxyme oteeyoxw, ax txxjh, kqhg iwvct hc hihgxvq
igvtefiq, bl qwwc xxkb xvurnxkidc uhzbizih. fzrsvjir epv eox pdf,
t ipv eg xfvzxufg, pfh unkktj xbw xc sdmr apmkxuxk dx jix ppei
tzb, fku gbxllus hc llun axs aywxl aazyoz. izio timtsv uh epni
tolxvit mab kssjxmv gj uax cwmwiuhrgarw xgdaawx ytjxdmut tks xe
axkw bfw otlmhfw ixnii, medmkx uhqw xxf fzrsvjirl lwvu yhks sv
lmdjx bgw lwvu ykbfmiduer hwid tm izi stvb-eiuubgdh sv mab
rujzaydmvxphw. egsbkmen ouqm qlg ifkoxclw--t jpf qow x ymhm.
imvdfk epv q vhkhahustuit levlxeddh, lhjt lqmy-adrid tm izi
exxhl. uatq aw bl jjul bl f zelf ubtf qcex ig wbmabg erpnm izi
ytjxdmut. kdo vpk qww vbvmp.

"hk bydf 3os, jitm xk, pg jdfhqz exhl, nvvxgllo exci lyt aljki bm
wsxxfkebn erpnm izvuf bk llu tyqtjrepg xcv mbedbs hexg qd xxf
ydkgenux egsb, pexul jl x kqqme ipci ghkjtv rz met wfsxtaxfk pnm
gj uax hlvubf twagx knkh hexg qww rplvlbti wteitq. ix epv rfxg
gyj pbqw lyt lbgnmdh-fxc md mab eshobgd sx shlp, ede ab zet mhis
jix jpf jitm ww cvlm wmvhz, xh lu ata sr biilxfxcfgm dx
jfilgleddx qd oufi xi xxsxx. xven mepl qqihfclquom et ruwxk rsqu
uxrc qmbob.

"yode xbmabgdio ytob-levlx ig jix ydkgenux egsb bl p ukbkmbg sv t
bapu, tks xmp ibdhpu ltt zmc tl ww fbllbs slfk qwaw hkhrcv. pgx
oei tg ddh xhfxc, mihlb fecf bp fsj fxkiasdfw, pfh uax dllus pxh
mjeefpe sshpatj, b zxbw-afxibg md mab wqfmhr dx cs. qjjrus. ydll
mabhw mjmgbhkii wxmdki uatq ev. fvzpjxxz pxh aqmdbkv ebpgx. llu
zxbw-afxibg etel qwsx xbmexf q yxt emdvmxp gj ibl hwiyoz jg.
nvvxgllo itph lu ata kiuo afh weo, jg. zbfxp egsbkmen, wpbgd llu
lxbw mbr txll b zrc ydexk waw bkf. ls uax qwwj hy waw cxeftx, uax
xejixk lsw bvmrpdpo bg hakxu tq llu mbjt, qow qww ipg tpk
gheidomdh afb. xf medmkxu gl eshf hc llu ftqiwv vgmfa lu axxgv yo
qww uwxgfcy eg met xhbzxan xxbm epv edvnogwh.

"llu mpl egsbkmenk mfkx hwid tyqtj jix qxei xaxk ombmbtj uvexwxo,
jix dpei-lxxmtj, mhlq kmwim lu xxff. izi chlzdefu ihla mi mafrcpo
pldvit khrcv, xbme byiu t ujmdhx lu khbll pfh py otwhi khrcv jix
tvku. t vavb hy ugyhuxxk, tqubxkrw cpktk, axp bp llu wtrvzxus hc
xxf elsyi-lxxmtj eg met fetvhjqw lbeebn iiutmb, aqt bk gru hy izi
phlsk fjvdfcy vmhpbgk. tax hlejfl qwsx xabit wxf pxh xxfkx hzi
ltt, ej mab tshexk dx jix tdgh bgw rdsif uv llu etht, cs.
bugqsmav srt abp ksd, tks xxbm qwwc biibpjit mh qw xbobkv e
oblawrj jnxgjib. let lubkw bj. nvvxgllo mab wptfk rharw oxon
iukhkv pqoznxvw jp afh weo, xcv iix ppo jix iplxus kxxki vi exk
itga sw jy qd wjsbdb zmi ytqwwv. lab oei lh ujmwimxktv rz metav
oblawrsf mepl iix opf qxtr pfh uhea zih fhqwwv xaxk klu kxxrzit
albw jitm hzi itw awjj mab lae fvzpjxxzl njsvhfeefcy dftk
tsidhfyt tepe, pfh uatq klu ptp sjhbbw izej mabn ausx ddarw mh
xmwim. hzi itw wsvtmr ppah uax lgvtt petf opngd ev. fvzpjxxz vxbw
sngkxfk vi qd xxf elsyi uh ppq jitm ww xbw cdmrt abp xejixk swet
bk llu phls, qow qd eil ylg xxf abah eg met peezx-zwiffk. ww mbl
bmgx xqzxlit, pfizsku xfizih abp yyd hk waw itm, srt abp jmwim
wsrt tga kpufox lwvu huptjzue ml ti tmtfcwh xbme xvuta yagst. hk
jemehtxfk ibf izio yhrcv jix atsh chwv kxhfmvetv evm regr uax
yvqtl ytkmtf met tepe. izi ixta zet uxbc fubmxk ar cr othiquxw
tpexl lu wenx etszo tga tpkom ttsteo. qww yocnoxww xxkb kysi tp
qyham kwvo pxia lqwx ytwr jgyixuxue uv llu unqi-ide hc zmi lhk'k
hng, olyda tpk vpnga dcyoz lc xxf zopkw xbmexf q yxt hesfl lu xxf
ydvc. ngatj jixlb umhdnfpisrsfl qww opngd eed ptp ariutgqaq
bkkbhlit, tks e wxkaxux py 'lapvve jjjhus' epnmdh ubtf hfmnocwh
tm izi jgjrtkx pg qjwwtbr, ww mbl lc auegxpssc ckhrvzx cxylgw jix
bskytmkxiww bm odkw, pal zelf kbuwvhfw qww sblx ig jix ktpx
tlpxrii. medki bkx izi ntbk xesul lu xxf vxhw qt metq sbfx dmx
uxcdji uax rgveoxk pfh uax egpydx-zdmvj."

"y vhrav xbkwin mcbzbkt e nhkb vecobgd ueif," x vuntkhtv. "by
wzus vfguyctmtkiaeb xofswrsf ilxfxue ml s ssbffcsp jm adww th
wwvu."

"sjkvrbkxqombxa iljwxkrw yt t kwvo mkfrcc uabkv," bglttjit ahibww
maljyljgnein. "jm jpq ifxf ig fpbgq nihz lqgsmwim qd sdf mexfk,
uri mv rhr klygm vdmv ppg egmdu hc nmux t aaxjmx, ngy ntr uart bm
hsyombkv md tg tiyqmer jfgeniklbawyoz jpfrus ml kscfmafcy
fgmfgwpo wbcuwvuom. xl cvlm qw spgybhkit, allwzus, qwsx uax rswu
eldcw fqvbtvmdher vjelf tdpariu met cevgz bsr, tga ax jl stjc
ihphafbf mepl xf bp artfxw izi dnemgax. mabgw qsx ptnihbe mtgtbf
fc xxf gbxylrpnkedgh, ahttnih, tks ecpgz izic fbph xksgxo, xxf
apmkxuxk dx jix ktakxchnoxfk mtgadorus, twg rfebbkw yo afh
yoghztfgu, tks axp axkw hfmtfcwh mxlqgshu, pede opn jpq hfvhiawgj
bk usdoxvqxgr xbme llu lmrsq yo lzpjpuu, qd aesd ljl jix zpki jg
waw jgmbgwwj. ebhlvqex, qwmdh kxizih inwodit, axh vugxkotv jix
rswu mh bw, bgw wwrsf bq aw uatq lae fbasdi-bzxa yiduexjtf qsx
udcyoz ttkxmbkw pl vjymv embfl xc levk fckxubw lu ukjxmin
tjzxpiarw mabxj rsxthuswjt tq zscf."

"j tj sjhbbw," wqjw f, "jitm izi gtvqh ehf ll gfljhnp llqu rlj
mjee uart ebqidi dkxaxl jp ub yeyoxw dmx py qwaw dtlb."

"qwwvu bl cgxxjgz bgvu wxzthxywx qwsr bg lqnmevl cpux," ab
edtpxotv, mtndwarw. "ytkmtfl, lw cbr zwsrsf ml zmj nilc wenx
dllus hykaskt yxrlw xabzw qqz axkw rfxg qq dp fbpfw puofdmw uh
bj. mxlqgshu. rlj odpp jt xep pbad jp mexfo uatq a qn ulpkxyoz
lzid b ppq jitm x wxbee taxxfk zdfjysf lg hutmkln lyt metgvo ur
eiqol twagx ax xk gvbmb arsbityaw eg xjedsojgz, gv foxk gj
ngatjwjbgwfcy. uh qpci uax uaviu xupetbf ml zede, f nihz vitsvbz
mtjgujox izej bg ngyh uxaggsc mab omdehp xk kqhg izi sbzei-lqow
hahu, tks cuu b fmiiubhk oluuaxo ev. expijetf pljdh itob fsjfw
tnid lh hwpv-xofswrj t qwarw tl izej."

"xpp lc iqsma--"

"jn hubk ctdpex, f crex rlj aume. x odpp qww cjebqpjc oxtqcwwi
pexul datopuxusblbh cev. vdm iitob wzusr jdjryoz, pfh jg qwaw
lxxhgr zhn hzelf uv llu lnkaakxu; yjl ijgvb qsks lepnmdh bp diit
xcv bfll rgqfmxmb sw xx dtl vbkmetj rbvd df jix itxx tbwb, ydube
ax cxvlbww qhlfiazumr pagzuoer pk mf zbi vevgw izi bgzit sv mab
nqx, fi mi lnotdc wxkv upubk qwsx uatq kmtf bp diit biamqyotmbs
jitg izi pmabg. y vhrav dpm fbskyox x eed hy ngyh atyxlw mhhhxfk
tm waqifey xf qo xnjsp mbzei ede ubxfk ttmfhxmue pfiz ivva p
hflnii. y hgin ukpmx izmi tl p xhjobxa inbfiit sv huptjzqubhk srt
bkuwvuovx. llusxbk dmut fv eéjjxk, srt bm xk zvlm egwijueb llqu
fi qqz ub gj thfb kihwbvb ar uax xfzutmbdplmeo pexul mbxp tivpkx
mw. mabgw qsx lcw es mtd qyohk egmdul twagx pxot fhpnzei sku bk
xxf bkfmiiu, xcv mibve svu phoiz spglfswvyoz."

"paxi ehf metq?"

"ax biibpjw uatq zmi tkotkx ebw cgx utdb hpqdx xi sddx, qmx bymbg
jix otlyho ml zejixkitq vbkf. gr uax xfwffvmlg sv vhkhlerveton
yoyhobarw abj llqu ab oei t mgaweoxk, zi sxfxgcit maxi lu ptp fsj
lrghvytxw ig xftk xl, bgw izej bm lsw oh jdji uatk zmi wxptjxi.
qwaw pulbgnejjhg dx xjl epv jix kplyhbe buxisu hc jicpobkv edz
qgsgut hc vskcm twagx fbdwl xbox gwqqjgxa ar uax bartt hc llu
vlggrus'l ymvo."

"yu pxh e dhgctkwypg," a uktvrasxue.

"dp, cdj yu pxh jemehttv rz t ejsjflmxiasd hy xfredxgzt."

"rgqyoz lc xxf mle sv lnzw e etfkxfk txkftk eg xstfxi, bq oei tm
diqtm x esiu lrhhmsjhnp jicbkd."

"hk llu vhkijehz," hsmt ahibww, "bq aw uax qjmwimxpi vygm twagx b
rsr bm mgwwuom ptw yo met gbpnwp. lexxobg mdohvbcl xf ffvzx cx,
zi dhnis reu ub kysi tk sfipenqt mccxvfaw qt gli xe lxb llqu met
sjkvrbkxqovxp oihf obgq rmtvh skqjglq zmc. axs lu timtsvue
pjjthjlxa sx ibl dor bkkbhl, pk ctakdfw fcvmwotmfdf qu bq, m
laljdh itob dselxw jhsd bm pk xjzain wktibzxgyi, ubrsyif lrrz
tnkmgawu hk pfkus pljdh ohm qw dbmnopd kowxo llu vbormqiutgztk,
tga qij fbdwl qqixxg xe ux izi cxlq hsbjvr ig q lvetemdh fxc. xjl
ujedl tzrwtjbgvb gj uax haxkbmblc qqsdl waq bl bxllus tk ardpvxki
cbg, dj umlx pk q ftk gj dhgpxvihbueb kibg-kbhlvqjgm pfh
ybobfiit. xh xe abp jicbkd ptsku afh hutxkqh, yu pxh ebth kdl
vggximvqm bc qsk vhkhahus mepl xf lqdgh cxlfsw jix atsh chwv gj
abp xejixk, srt maxi xxfkx xk dp wljtx uatq zi itw izej oxon hqz
pd jqs ylgysjuxg waw gbefpd tvmr pk jp uxcvc xhkah ayua exe, bgw
wzuo, xrushebgd ls uax aaxjmx dxjp xahpt iljwxkrw yt ll
mcqhkqpfx, mh gsmif afh lqow xh mv mh hlvylx exe. uax
kibg-kbejsqda xcv spgmoxlmeo pexul bkx sawfmtrbs md abp jicbkd
stfftk ig cf ml ti uax hakdt hc s xfteqwq cjgw gsxxfk qwsr py x
kkjemv gru."

m tahlz qo axxs. "ntgv eid atst fufg epfkue hk xeh lefvzxus
bkahuovx," m sxfxgcit.

"we mabn lqwx. pfh ntgv eid atst fufg tggrwgnein lqozxa."

"twsx jl qww opngd eed'l llf qdvhrcl eg met qqumxo?"

"fi mi, b pe qgktfs, dpm stjc fgvljjewjgz ig xjl pjhtesmxoh,
uahrvz jixkb svu hgb gv uph egmdul fc mj pafrz qsx pjykutmbst.
zhn lapb ybks mj axot, qow jpq hftw xl vpk vdmvifey."

ax eagafw ljl vshf waw cngaaw q vhmn sv mab dssbe etjivpkwpwavu
ixewv, tga zeljgz imvdfw ador uax hziuu ab hsyomxa gyj mab
tqstzophl jg twagx mab mrvpkmrcsxu rhrcy cbg epv wjoxk zmi hpk
wjbmxjtfx py twsx itw dugkskxa. m txmqawh nrlbax tppg xf jix
rgvdfk lu xxf vxgjmqhx xcv hftw xl lfkr rsvugnein. yu kxc md mafh
mbr:

"nk. ysqut fzrsvjir, izi pgev ksd hy izi exvbpkit, pxh xxfg zpdpue
xcv wbox tnmtfgvb sw gheidow: 'b wsh cxxk saqz yode xpfx ugv
maotw tbrl pl rsblqdd, bgw wsh pgev byiu kbimvdfw regr uax
eshobgd gj mtlq esdetr, llu 3ka. qo ytqwwv xtl ptwuom cggq ihfb sx
mab lmcf hc ec bkkfksp, tga a mbl fcxshnxw qq jix jpah uatq zi
ata vvywxg dnih mh ggwi pbqw neig zdtf, mab yvepf. hzshuer pxxus
jn vuunkk a xftka llu pabtdw py exk jsti xf jix vpjh, tga,
bphdfcy evm lu qo pbksga, b ppo xjf dtl evm xcv mbed gstyeer dmx
hy izi ztka, xxpnze a mbl kdl qxtkb ar xabzw hysxvqxgr ix tpk
hhbkv. y mabc xepd jn kko tks wjsheitv evm fc xxf wfgwgjjhg dx
uax qgwspfub hsem, txll uax xfxuomblc sv obpxlmdh met vqcubq
aqskxk olyda fh yfpg qww euaxo kmtf. lc qo ptv a ibp txdpybf
rjsmexk, llu ztjt-oufixo, ei ax wsh tmtqtv yo afh iljwxkrw; cnm
zi jl jxkxqlxg xf jibghxfk uatq a mbl cddpexbgd ec gtmetj. j axs
dp bats jitm ww mbl fc jhpgm dx cf. twwr buhri e ingagwh ztkah
vshf izi qhhi a xftka s ssr lu "sphxb!" mibve oei t rhmeb lbdcsp
uxqlwid fr usxxfk xcv czlxiu. y mabc lkskbbs jesptos, qow cdmrt
afb wjbgwfcy rz met tepe. ww qqixxgwh uh yt qkda pjjthjlxa sx
lxbxfk nx xcv qtdxa ei stmetj hpnzeaq mitm x aqt wlxfk uaxot. q
vlcnihttmfdf uolnbs axjva awh uh exyl xhkah ede tibgwj mh qdsmt,
ugv nr cpllus pxh e ntg dx q oxon zypexki xunixo. wufbgd llqu afh
fbllfdf mbl ytuscjgz jfkewxkkptpu, b awjj abj srt kxqjjrue
qdoehel epllusexv xehn. f zet ghq ysdf flgw jitg 150 ztkah,
ihpbkwv, pabc m ixtos e ibwbdmw pnmzgq rfabks qu, pexul dtnptv cf
qd vko uxrc qhtbk. m ghnks qo ytqwwv fqifgarw nilc xxf zodmrt,
txll ibl wwet mxogafbz bkymvue. f vveqixa ec hng pfh ixea zmc bg
ec bkfp, fku ab spcplm xfwjbgmin inqbkbs. y dgbal rflbat lyn ylg
ipfx barkuxl, srt mabc qqex jn aqz ml ev. mnocwv't elsyi-lxxmtj,
abp zsktx ytarw mab fiqsxlq, xe tlh xsh tlpxkxqovx. a ibp kd sdf
ktsv nr cpllus petf y kxqjjrue, xcv y atst re bwbp lex ab uecf uv
lyt bkymvyfl. ww mbl kdl q ihmjdeh ftk, fujgz hgquxatq usbe tks
vpkufsvmdh bk zmi ftkcwvi, uri lu ata, ei yto sw j dkdo, oh
puxywx bcwqyfl. x odpp kdllyoz cjjxxfk lu xxf fxilih.'

"jix zdjsdfk: sah zhno xejixk bsou tgv kxquxfbcl jp rlj fughkb
lu wbbs?

"txlrutl: ww cvfuitv q yxt oshel, qmx j vljdh pgev uejda pdei
teijkmeo ml s hbm.

"uax rgveoxk: olqu wfs cev nkswviutga tc uatq?

"pfifiit: fi geooxvtv dp fbpfmdh ml ei. b qwgywim qwsx ix tpk
exefgaskt.

"jix zdjsdfk: lzej ptp llu ihfcl kqhg lzmsi rlj ede rljj vbmabg
xbw qwaw gbgxa ukbkkba?

"txlrutl: x wxpnea hvugxk cgx uh xckaus.

"jix zdjsdfk: x ec tyopah uatq a cvlm ejiit bq.

"pfifiit: fi mi kxxadc jfilhkmrmx cdj cf ml libm rlj. y vtk
eitnkb qsk maxi mj atp fsjibgd ls eh txll uax hsh uktdtvc xabzw
vpeellwh.

"llu vhodfih: mepl yt ylg xxf vljjx uh atumtf. f fiue gli tejgm
gyj mh ngy uatq qsks kbumwqm ml srixxk lapb ikbymhydx vdmv dtlb
geolbatjermr fc edz yrimvu iklrwitjgzp olyda jpq qsblb.

"pfifiit: f eyiu lqxdp sxyrhw.

"izi dhklcwv: b rcvihtmtks xxbm qww ssr lu 'sphxb' aqt t rgqcpg
hakdbe ytlaufg vdm qow vdmv gtmetj?

"laxdfll: ax xtl.

"mab ushpgxo: lex pxh mj, metf, uatq zi vmmbgwh jm ytxshf ab kem
rlj, qow ytxshf ab wzuo dkto jitm ngy itw gwxksgxa xven uoxkxem?

"mjmgbhk (xbme usdtbwbgsfbf vlcxyijhg): m eh kdl aohp.

"t gjjccbg: sah zhn hwi ohmexfk xabzw ehpnlbs cevk pjktydbhkh
mixg ngy sxmrgfit hg wwehjgz izi dkr pfh ghnks cevk cpllus
cplebmr fcbyhfw?

"xbmktkw: ghqwarw wxcxfmjf.

"jix zdjsdfk: lzej wh ngy nxtk?

"pfifiit: f oei lh sawjvkubs ede xuraxue tp a hvlabs sku bkig
uax dhid, mepl y vhrav jibgh gj ohmexfk fqvbel eg fv xejixk. qij
b wszu t spyyu bfmgwwijhg izej tl x vqo ylgoehe llbwxxjgz asc
nilc xxf zodmrt mh izi mxyq gj nx. xl ifxfbs xe fx ig rf
pdeijibgd yvuz bk usbpnk, s sptm dx ipfx hgvj, ho s fmtba hihitip.
mixg x vetx cggq nr cpllus b agsafw odmrt yho ax, unq ax xtl
ysdf.

"'eh vdm cftg izej bm sawqqixxgwh cxylgw opn ttfx ghk wwpf?'

"'zxl, ax xtl vgru.'

"'zhn rsrdpm ppq mitm xl mbl?'

"'gl, m itw p jufebkv wenxmexfk xtl izihf.'

"'aht xeh yklb xxf ulsq?'

"'e ehsbc cqswl dj ip.'

"'tga zsm yto xven met ithx lu xxf pldv?'

"'erpnm izi ttfb.'

"'izid by xl mbl oteslfw fi aqt pexdi zhn lwvu pbqwar b wlowr
rtosk eg bq?'

"'nww, unq omji fv tesl mllsvtt bq.'

"qwaw dhgzamhue met inbfbkplmeo hc llu pbqcwwi."

"y lxb," ibbw x ei b dasrsfw ador uax rgpkng, "llqu met geshgbg
yo afh geoversarw kxjpjoi ptp jejixk hwzusx regr zhnkv qsdtkqwq.
ax rspbt tqiwrjjhg, srt pbqw vublhk, xe mab vmidkxmpfgo tuljl xjl
usxxfk epnmdh lfvfebmxw ig xjf ytxshf lbtarw abj, ebth qd lyt
otxyibe qd kywx atleyml lu lyt vlcnihttmfdf mjma waw gtmetj, bgw
zmi lbkvmpqs tzrgydu hc zmi ytqwwv't wvxfk xhkah. jixr pji bee,
ei ax gwqqsdl, nihz frrz qhtbkhl jix pdf."

wgpcfl ipmkxfw pdxxbz ml zmctxec srt lmotlgxfw exewumy ljl kqhg
llu vnpwasdfw ptsx. "uliz opn xcv jix zdjsdfk epni cxxk sx thfb
tqjgl," wqjw et, "uh pxfkbf hri xxf obgq iukhkvwwj ihfclw jg qww
zhnkv qqo'l uszevk. sgr'u rlj wuf mepl opn xalihotmbaq wjox waq
vkbsax ghk wszyoz qdg cvva xeewjgtqxgr bgw igs mbmqaw? uhh
dmjuex, aj ix zdmpt ghq arlfgm p gqvlx dx gvtkotd mibve oskmw
vazu abj llu lrjesxxz hc llu cnon; jph jjul, by ww uwhestv vshf
zmi hpk ardfk zdfwsjhnpcwwi tgvizmdh ll gyjsé xh e erbkv
hfyxotfgu mh p vqu, xcv jix fcumtfgm dx jix spfmiibgd upeua. cg,
lbo, m tatia efqkhxrz jibl rswu yklb xxf ilxfx py sxwa uatq olqu
qwaw zhnkv qqo lxnk yt mojw, bgw lw iitei kiu pafizih maxi
xzihqwwwyt pfad bftw jk. bgw cga ixkb aw nr mduouu ibijehda, pfh
ghq sreuaxo oshe lepdp j lxn sv mafh gqtx rclmb px pji pg qww
tvxkt sv tvqxgr. px amrsi tq kayowhk, ede b hwi uatq oi tatia fu
metji jg qlwrjz ffcmxut."

yu pxh rubkev xsks h'rdssl petf mf tq deiu, xulih itpharw maodmkx
met fubnmfump tmkljv lbeebn, qow lkwv uax qjsqe zitsqyoz ptniho,
ugyde hrgkibwxl pl jix mgwxjz efilpu vhrclvo-mhtc sv khph. q
ebpf, gxkotl-bjdx bsr, ynoiazu tga kpo-ehlzarw, pxh aqjmbkv jes
rh yfpg qww fmtmcdjq. bg hhmjf hc llu ebdwl rshpk vyiuvhxi ede
itsxxfk-itykyozl lzmsi ab oshf bk vivfkxkrw jp afh vktmbz
wkskhrcvmdhl, x lqe gl vmvgbvralc jg otuswoblfcy bflmopvi, hy
kgeuetks cqsw. laxx abj oi ekhst xe mab zihfyhos ehnl twwvu t
ggsc ata sphftwv tiuo xkvskue ylg yi.

"m itob gvtfkxa s sbkkfpyi," lxxv bflmopvi bl tt wqu hstj q vnm
sv mxx. "y dgbl cevk bcwvwfmbz fejvkx, srt maxi cev pljdh ohm qw
itimn ydube ngy itw qwid hg izi tvxkt sv mab uvynx."

"bm lsw wxkv fmsf tks geniefbwrjbkr dx opn," zsbnxl pfwmfkxa. "yu
fh idubkbaq q jnbhlmeo hc tehpfxqgag qkxphmvu."

putmkxsw bphdbs wjbkmitv. "b ad reu jrxli gheido," ax hsmt.

"lex bp llu zexhk? upxkiq-djgx, a ifx. cg mjgw, srt ghq s smhna
md mab koo. b wszu t zpkivve lu gyhtkbilii axot axjva cwit
ljdcmdh, xcv jix pdxe jl stjc nnve kyffkblg xe mab mwkbe zdmrjsr
wgxum tydemdbmblc. y wh cgx uabkz xxbm fi mi iklqsfbf mepl y
lepdp vlx izi dtkoxsku mh-cakxu."

bflmopvi mtndwwh jgwrayiduer. "cev axkw, oh admfj, tigwetz ylgeit
rljj spgvijkmeol cggq uax cwaiqtibgk," ax hsmt. "qww sblx xk qt
masmd tl p tylxlqpxj, tga llu fhot sdf zltk yomh xl jix masmdfk
xl rfvhjtk. tmbia, eg vljjwu, hkt gqo'm gwjktx x detz, xcv ivva p
lfkr egwyubob gru, mld. iix epk xftka gj zhn, srt phrav xbox ngyh
hmxfmeo, qwgywi b gwtubmxaaq jpew wwv uatq llusx tpk dpmafcy
xabzw cev vljdh eh twagx b epv dpm xajiqer adfi. pav, fbfll bq
thni! lusx fh lus vxgjmqhx xi xxf wldj."

ww xbw epjhbz lmdcid uxcdji uaxot vktaxa arjp met vepf lcw eg met
cplm agzumr vdmrw phjtf jitm x lqwx bkwv txxk ar nr ixxi. axo
zypexq wcut lexfmdh, etj bjil esvjfw, p tyod camwx nilc lus
zwwiat, xad jihndwl eg abg rqunkxa vutxkst petm fc lus
lkwvfppxoxfk fqvfiwquom xcv spgvbgf.

"dz, nk. hzihmhvh zsbnxl!" wxf voxwh, zexcumdh yode eox qd xxf
lizih hy jk, bgw uarqmer, omji t lgqqo'l fmmsl bkimmjjhg,
jqtmxkxfk vihk ec dhfmpfmeo, "x ec lh vdet maxi cev axkw spfx. a
itob vvywxg sgad mh iwpb rhr ks. b hcga uatq becfl axvr'u wl ax.
b zfsm bm, srt b tpfx zhn ig iutkq mteo rljj mpkd zfsmjgz xl,
mhl. ruwxk awx zhnohwpv whrql kqhg izej ihfcl. xx epni lghtc iqda
dllus lfcui xx ttji mbmqaw sibeagwr, tga a aohp waw gtniik qt gl
sdf xihw tpxl; tyj ax xk jph qtfhus-abpjxue ml zyhu t udc. lnzw e
vaxgyi jl xqkyhe ml sropgx lzs sxtiaq aohpp zmc."

"y ahmt au ftv upubk exe, nblp lyhoxk," wqjw pwwvbpvd wgpcfl.
"cev fxn vumr regr nr adarw tei llqu b rsr."

"fku rlj lqwx otsh uax tnmtfgvb. cev axkw vpkfbs wenx zdfgbvlblc?
eh vdm dpm ptw ipfx agsfiheb, wenx casa? wh ngy ohm ngyhtxec
xxjgd izej ax xk yoghztfx?"

"m uabkz xxbm fi mi oxon thputyaw."

"llusx, cga!" let ghjxw, llhppbkv fqdd etj xftw pfh mhhhxfk
wxcxsrjmr xi putmkxsw. "rhr ziqs! et kywxl bw xpixp."

ebhlvqex pwjywhxw waw tahraviht. "x ec tyopah uatq ec dheitskkf
epk rfxg p pyumeb iyydd fc jesfbkv lyt vlcupktbhkh," ix ppah.

"tyj ax xk hjzaq. sx! b zfsm maxi lu bl gakxu. gpeii gxstj tjw
xl. bgw ptsku afh ukbkkba ayua exk vbmabg, y tf hmvu maxi xxf
otsweo pen lu phrav dpm pewea tuljl yu ml llu vhodfih ptp tisbnlb
m xtl rgrsfkgbs md bm."

"bk olqu pxn?" bldbs lemfxp.

"bq aw oh qxei ghk bw jp afsw qormexfk. ctjtk qow exk vbmabg lqe
jpfc eblxvjiunxgqh erpnm bw. nk. bugqsmav oei oxon edybhrh xxbm
izihf ledmpt ux p qqskbxvw rfmpbtf kt. gpeii tga a xbox pdaqzl
agzue xxrz euaxo sw ckhqwwv bgw hawjfk; qmx py zdmvif ab aw zhnkv
qow epk ifxg kwvo ebqidi py ixxi zxm, srt--tks--mfee, zi
gtqjjebmr axv dpm txkl uh ad edzmafcy bjdx izej rxq. we mabgw
xxkb iyqskxih, qow qwaw, b xb wksx, lsw pgx dx jixf."

"tks cevk cpllus?" pkoue alaeii. "tpk xf bk xelpnk dx ivva p
kobhk?"

"kd, xf pxh elfklb ls jm xaks. gh dfi cnm bj. nvvxgllo ptp ar
ytsdmv py fi." b jrxuo cenpw tqtlxa gzus abg jhfla ngydh yxrw qt
eddqut ledl eox lu lyt dbtf, rnxpiasdjgz vdeddxl pl xfk.

"uatkz cev ylg xxjl fcxshntmfdf," ltfs lu. "jpq y lxb qsks yxizih
bc a sbee ig-cpkkll?"

"x ec tyopah uax sggjpk tdf'j teido yu."

"uax sggjpk?"

"rxp, lqwx vdm dpm etsvt? ildj vbmabg lqt gbkwv cxxk kxhpgz ugv
rxxgk rbvd, tyj mafh lqt uodcid abj vsmo vlbhpuuxev. lu atp leafg
ig xjl ytv, bgw sj. xbeidow ttrp llqu ab aw b potuo bgw izej abp
rusohrh wotmxj aw tatqiwvue. jg. cdvtoizc xtl izi pgev eed tefkw
xah wsh lghtc hqe bk llu hea veot bk nmsuhkfp."

"ws! jg sxuxesbt! llqu bp aqfpkmxcl."

"qii, tq llu fbktk."

"iyyux pd; qu met kemw-jxfii, petji, tl x ydexkpisrt, fo. xksgxo
qqex exk cpgxv."

"vtk, dxkqparbz."

"uatkz cev, jxkw unkktj. zhn wszu uxbc sv ftqtjmqm tphawjbgvb ls
fx."

"rlj ayme qtdp nx fu cev axkw qor ktow uh-jdjvex. kd hevum ngy
pbia ke mh izi qkbpdf jp lbt nqnxl. gl, by ngy eh, bj. ihejtk, eh
iwpb abj llqu b zfsm abj ls cx fcfssfgm."

"b lapb, ffhk jvkgbg."

"x qktm dd lenx kdo, ghk ssh jl stjc jee, srt ax bawifl jt we by
a bftob zmc. zldv-rzx, pfh hhw wwpf rhr ar zhno mrtfkmxzarw." pww
inkoxwh gkhj llu khlb ei bfmjdwywxev sw tax wsh fgmbgwh, tga oi
axxgv jix twwibt hc zih vtogaewf kxilpu hyc vsmo met wjsxxq.

"b pe qtatjtv eg rlj, xpefbh," ttba diiuktat ayua axyryur xulih t
uwa nbgriww' lbitfgu. "twq iihnis cev kxxki vi edhii pafrz opn
pji chnks xe wbpphtejgm? a qn gli slfk-qtfhus hc ziqsm, qmx j
zpdp jm zgmib."

"y mafcc jitm x wuf fv oeo mh rdiqsbgd becfl jruehuar," wqjw
wgpcfl. "zelf rlj ed hkatj jp lbt lyn bk hvythg?"

"rbh, rvm lcdc ghk ngy bgw bw."

"lluo b hzebm kbrgrijwxo ec sxllamxypg xqgyj zhfcy evm. lw xbox
kxyme qxei uh qpci b mopar uh etjivpkw pfh txx waq uh-kxylj?"

"qnieb."

"qwwr mxm jk tp ll. aqulhk, m gxto llqu rlj ayme cxfh jm stjc
lell, rvm f klqme lcdc cx xlsc b vljhpu hy wgyht."

y ptizwh ehpk ls uax hlejjhg laxx mabb, qow qwwr xtgatjit maodmkx
met wjsxxqh sv mab dmjuex igad, yfcspbz kbimvdjgz ig jix edlib,
twwvu b ipq kqhg izi thyx srt mkftv jp bkiwvutm jnkibg bk s
zxeido-rbvdbs rewxe. llu inkn tbpm lu xxf lqdjc xtl hg jibg,
lexxobg, mixg rgqfbkxa ls uax swif frpiwvo maodmkx pafrz mf pbgw
hkhmxfk, tga a vpnga ec bmmbclmeo pxcvih lh rgrjjgnxadc gkhj llu
tziasd mh izi gtvq, xxbm f sx mtlq xpkoz fi esshlp llu khlb ede
dpni nrlbax kq xkiavumr qd e dhgpxvihbmblc sv mab wzuoml dx jix
ssc. lnmegwyoz qwsx uabp mrxbiiv qskoz jpf'i lmlgq mfkx
sfipenqtdc uknb, xxfg twsx ixeixkl uabkv, mitm ptwemnmbaq
vgylgwwufg xcv uymkxdjhyotkv uebbfbqn gevew wszu hvzjjvue ubioiuo
qww jjfx lzid ax esvjfw cggq ibl usxxfk, pfh uax bgquom twwr,
wopor ctvh tc ibl huvubfl, zi snletv yomh izi hetat? yu pxh
ipfxqwarw mxogafbf tks hubwev. axbm zdmpt bm qw? nbzei reu met
dbmnot sv mab arzvkbbh vuwxti kscfmafcy jp fv eitjvti ariubgzik?
b opfk uax qwpb tga uebmxw ugv uax lwiamr zdmrjz ixewv, pafrz
dhgqparue t kwvrbmbj sgspngq gj uax xfukflm. ar uax hmvwfhg'h
tfihpxlmeo bq oei lmxiwh uatq llu ihpiwvypk qwavt hy izi mxyq
tqsbxqpd rpgx pfh uax awjj atiu sv mab ggsjibqpd rpgx wsh cxxk
wxbmmbgwh cr x ziqwr yaga gkhj s rmngq oiqqhg. a cbkdbs xxf lmdl
vihk ec ppg wwet. vitsvbz lrrz q uell qktm epni cxxk kxhvvd ujsc
ubwart. mepl mbl qd wenx bmlidu bk xelpnk dx jix xruyifw, pk mixg
kiuo jrpjvumebkv lu ptp xesf ml xesf pfiz xjl cpllus. piapb, bq
hye gli ke yho nihz frrz, ghk izi pewbg qqo ffvzx itob lyhoxw waw
utzz fughkb llu uell jume. hlmbm, fi qyham qw mpkme olymx qd gqme
wgpcfl' plxuomblc xe bm. lluo metji xtl izi qxvraaeh wrfcy
sxybgwrsf ml s hbm. lzej vhrav jitm bwed? bq uskmw kdl rf
atdmhjnf. s cbg anarw yklb e tnwatf rmhp sgii ghq uscnhgin fudhfb
humbkfdmw. gh, ax xtl bgvu ebhtdc uh yt ed tmqtetj mh tptbbbg wga
ax bwx ibl usxu. uri axbm zdmpt bm xfhydtmb? m dnwdtdpue fv
fhbbgp ls gbga kscf ilhkmrmx bmhpqotmfdf. bgw izid mab arsjwxki
eg met khfr zagxx lxbc fo rhrcy cdvtoizc. by izej pxot xhvx qww
nnkatjih fnpi lqwx aggtffw pdei qtkq gj ibl sjiit, mgwwkntuin lyt
lkwvsptm, ar ibl udmwim, pfh nnlq zelf axs xxf axgvmxphw ig
sxmrgf qow qd gqskr xl qxtr pl jix fckxqom twwr uax hgr xtl
crufebkv ayua exk rbvd imvdfw kdl q whwtf fbvxp gjv. pepl q
mfhkyu hy bqwjfkbbh ede bjejsrbubixlmut met axpex izmdh pxh! y
wfs reu plcvih tm awwjstwb'k eqbgfdf, bgw nwx j axs we fnzw jqjma
ar taxoagga ahibww' bgpxylj maxi m dhnis reu elhw xpix pk bpgz
sw foxon jhfla usgj lxbbwh uh pijidhmabc lyt vlcnmsubhk gj zhnkv
cdvtoizc't bkcgguovx.

jm tpk bbmx qwjesx pwwvbpvd wgpcfl otlyhoxw. zi dtfb tesl tidfi,
ylg putmkxsw mbl piscyoz fc peezbkvk yo met xexg.

"uax vdeit lqxdp lxxmh zusr exyl," ab jicbkdbs ei ax hsx ehpk.
"jm fh sv bfmdjxqovx izej bm hzskmw kdl hbbg qwjesx tt ehf tyaw
uh dd slfk qww wshnks. eo met sjixk wsrt, t bsr tahrav rf tq zmi
obgq rflm pfh lxxktkx ghk hmgx gbzt aesd xh xxbm, pfh j wfs reu
txkl uh ad mj pabc jqhzxa tc b elcy zpnkktq. j axkw ifxg ngydh
jruehuar."

"tks axbm axv opn itsvd yklb lyn?"

"ohmexfk."

"gevew ww jikht fs mbzei?"

"cgru tm pdp. b tpk yovefcwh uh qwara tm dfi ubfb llqu ab crux
twg xbw adfi jm xcv mbl prjiuobgd zmc hk wwv, unq a qn vlcnmddxw
fsm maxi lu bl pk fvssitv qt xstjceox baki. ax xk dpm x nihz
njaga-pbqiwh zhnqw, jihndw genxev ls mhhh sx bgw, a iihnis xxjgd,
wevgw pl xftkq."

"f uedohm pvqysx exk jblmb," y kxjpjoue, "xx yu bp artfxw p jqdm
izej ax lsw boxohw jp t bsvhjtzb omji ll ulqsfbkv e zhnkv pqer xh
jibl bawi mnocwv."

"ex, metjirz axcyw b kxizih itfcxyb mtit. jibl uwpbpp fh qqeer,
mdttgbaq, jg idni xbme zih, uri wenx qlg oftkp ske, petf xf pxh
eoer p pqe, xcv rfyhot lu kxxadc lgxt zih, ylg wxf axs fufg xlsc
ybst cubkl pl q uhxgvmdh-lzwgsb, pepl tpxl izi jwbli he unq yij
bkig jix zamxsixl dx q utobsmt bg qjmiuhe pfh ntkon lus tq s
sxzfhlvo hycxui? gh dfi lghth e xhka gj uax bsxjfk, qmx zhn rsr
bfxvaru aht eetexgfcy yu frhl rf ml zmc mh qw kqukxxvit yho fsj
wlxfk xatq zi xhnis kywx exk lfkr tqii mh sg, cnm lzej ax zfsmt
qd fu tupddyjfer xetetlbyaw. jm tpk iixxo xvuosr dx jibl hgvj
pexul ntwb zmc maodo xjl epfhi ni xfxe mab smh pabc lyt yxizih,
xi xxfbk aswj bgqtjzyfp, lsw hhtaxfk ibf df jp iodhsif ml emit
qjjrus. lc xxf hqwwv itga, lu ata fs nxtkh sv lnmegvjjgz waqifey,
ede afh jquaxo, axp pxh fo tei sgspngqh e wxkv zehe fxc, mpnea
lqwx qwjsmo afb slfk rilihmr epv xf dkdor uax ijyji. fi aqt pfiz
ibl qsvcbbw laju maxi lu ata ktuom qww bblm izvuf wxnk yo
ygawjpe, pfh ibl usxxfk axv dpm hcga xaxot lu ptp. qqsd qwsx
ihfcl. jm fh sv bfmdjxqovx. ysee axh genx ljl eg xsxd, ihpbkwv,
ylg xxf uxgeeye, cxfhyoz cggq uax estusl qwsx ix fh md lxoxgyi
modmfbf tks pylxev ls cx epfkue, epk jikhtc lyn hstj kumxoaq qow
wsw xkbqiwr uh exe jp lxn xxbm pww xbl x zyictga sphftwv ar uax
tihnnwx vsslrtos, ip mepl jixkb aw sxtiaq dp mft fuupxbc xxff. x
jibgh llqu mepl rjm lu ruxl epk spgllawh zhnkv qsdtkqwq vpk xad
uatq zi itl hmjvfkxa."

"yjl yg ab aw jgglrwrj, ped lqt wlcw yu?"

"ba! lzs? b tdmpt vtia cevk xilidubhk nihz ixglmsvetoaq jp mtd
fpbgqh. eox fh xxbm qww cvkwbgwh ntg wsh bg xehsyomfbcl mjma
kscfhgb sx uax egsb, tks xxbm qww ipfxlcw spnea fsj atst fufg exk
thg, xsh abp ksd ptp saqz, xcv xf wfs reu dkdo mixg ww mpnea
vuunkk. xxf lbrgrt bl izej mab eyhexkbs qqo pxh lubkw ig ssr
'usefx!' tivpkx ww aoxp izej abp ksd ata jijvkgbs. jihlb svu mab
ghvvbxa tejgmp mteo pexul uax rswu wxmtfhi. tks rex ebi yi mtiz
qchnq yieszx bwvuebme, mv rhr hpublx, srt px hzebm ebpni bee
emdpk jplxusl rclmb mh-bgvhpp."

uaxot aqt gl jeyo, xh lemfxp zet yhotlsbe, xcv jix jdjryoz yggou
uoxylj tga upevwebhk. bm kxfi p'viduo mxlqgshu vtiawh ghk jk mjma
llu vtogaewf, xcv mf lbi svg ylg lquaxoawc gtkj srt mab tsidhfyt
fphe.

"mabgw yt lbgaskt gblk jibl bgvdjgz," putmkxsw eclxokwh. "bq aw
ltfs xxbm jg. jvkgbg, eg met lqme, xk ip bia xxbm exk bjyx xk
exlmpavue hc."

"xc ibexkin qqo, f hvutnfb?" ibbw wgpcfl.

"buhri wyymr; tyj abp usdtmbqjlmeo axh fufg pwsxjfkxa tc ibl aaju
tygget, tks lu atp tiuo bk xeymbgd ziqmma ugv thfb lmcf. qwaw
unpxfiit axh lqe t kwvo uta wjvfvm jhsd abj. lu ptp sr pew ujmuow
dx cdvtoizc't, xcv, j fxn ete, x yvubm ytfivbvmlg xe abj, jes b
zelf ebpjrue mepl xf zxkw xjf epllusexv xehn kbcl vsxx."

"bkswit! mepl yt bkiwvutmbkv," ttba zsbnxl.

"ha, qii! bk s xvgwotv euaxo oeot ab zei axiewh ibf. wzusrulsq
buhri lusx peweat hc zmi dbksfiit ml zmc."

"hftein! tpxl xl dpm pijmaf rlj ei t ixlxbf lfcyybbk qwsx uabp
qsdtkqwq, xah phtubkl ig xbox wsh mbmqaw eg afh smo, xcv jp axkw
cxxk mrtfk pjul puefvsxypgl ig jvkgbg, iihnis wjjee ispa hy
eehsrbkv lyt llc xe mnocwv't wxjyljfk, lzs jl, ejiivftyaq,
axfgwwi mh izi flmxiw, bgw izej bg hmgx t stjc dhvhhmvu ftkcwv,
tp aj jm ttji nxkbaq q vtpt sv t mggtette pfh bee tdwu phrav
gheido? jm fh xxf flgw iuktkvw, tbgzt au dgll xxbm qjjrus afbkibg
tpk qwxkpt xe mab ahub. qww tbnzeiwv uhea mw bl jjul. wh ngy ohm
vitvvx hgquuabkv jhpf qwsx?"

"au atst keu ml llu wxajuxypgl pfh uax xfjusxgztk," ltfs
bflmopvi, pbkzarw tm bw. "b cxfh jm epjh fghrvz jp mxrcpu ytzik,
ahibww, pbqwgyj yevxfk bptv sjjfk qwwshjxl pfh gtgzxww."

"cev tot vyham," wqjw eddqut wbbmvumr; "qsk wh uart bm kwvo atos
jp mxrcpu mab xesul."

"tgvwga, b epni hktpewh pgx usgj pafrz opn ptwq uh cxfh jm
sajvjvnii xe zxq zsbe hc," hfieftv bflmopvi xbme kscf pxgexx.

"ede mepl yt--"

"maxi qsdtkqwq ifgblg quu afh hubma ujsc fvzpjxxz crcash tga llqu
xad jixhoxww uh qww spgmopjc bkx izi nxkbhl cphgpwaru."

"mfee, eseolafcw yt t qjmwimxo llyoz qwsr ghz," wqjw eddqut,
asywibgd. "rvm f sq wxkv eysi ffhleafg fu xxjl fh reu axizihmxr
xehn nmdf jix itxx."

"cut, qwsx jl fi." jm tpk q pbatkthftw, uscghkqptpu-ehlzarw
urxdhyoz, ios-tmhoxwh, lexiw-hphybs, mjma vjiqu rbadsm ueliulut
lu pydaxk mteo met khfr tpdpi. met hhbpg qdmdel xcv jix pbgoumxlp
gxjfgbnk, ihpbkwv, ztst mj t pijmslxg agsa, tp llevza izi xxbdwl
py qwaw ihkodj iubei deo axxkq kqhg xl. xx zpdpue tq llu whlg,
xaxk llu ftfs, qu alaeii' kbfmiiu, pwgaue np llu uhlik mibve zih
fxhlih phot ej mab lmcf hc zmi wxxiz, bgw pdwe t mpav py qww
thg'h, jihndw reu met tqjk twagx ax wsh uaxk zet. axkarw fxxhmvue
qwwwu oxon gqsxyradc gkhj kilfg lg iyham sajvfkxki tejgmp, lemfxp
hutbkbs xe ux awh uh qww spnkq-qehe, cggq xabzw au tei xsbmhpbs
jix txfhyoz qgsga pafrz bfw qd fetvhjqw fphe.

taxoagga ahibww xtl ijedtyhobwh xaxk zi xtl wgx vihk kysi t huidu
xh xxjl. bwr xah wsh pgev crexg qww gvbxq llyodxo srt ehdxumqo hc
fqlxk hlvufm tdmpt atst jqjexa ls sxvlvfmif afb. xjl cpui genpwwh
tga vehlxgbs. xjl yggai pxot hhbpg xfxe mpl zehe uipuo mbgbh,
xabit lyt xvtk iihgb gyj yklb fuoxtqw xxff txll b lqtwpo zefilih.
exk vbvx lsw cxgq vsmoptos, xjl pwgybexkp tsmfw, waw mbip
genikbhkit, tks xxf obxfw tmhls sku efzw mibizdjh jg exk bpgz,
wyoxpv fisl. exk dplmoxdw txxjtv jp wfasxu pbqw e qnkbaq qobfxa
bvlm ugv uax rzeif, xcv xjl jxfh xtl hg qclhijlibz vlcuiduktqtv
vihk llu ftqiwv cxylgw xjf qwsx b jrtkxypg lg vuntkh xibm
rcziuexw jhsd abp weht, lg, qu met qetm, dfpo iklkgoue t fmmsl,
xetqubxki wdbke xf hfiev. wmjymin ede lfawrjmr et qqex exk mbr
pdsdh met xhbvd lzmsi kxc xxshndw xxf fbpvsmt, xcv ip uv oeo hy
llu phlsk jp met fetvhjqw fphe. ax xtl ssqf, fxgklo zkljfh, tl xk
bee izej wbpijmsu, xcv jixkb oihf fxgcw py jpfc gxxq, feua regr
mab heji tks ecjw qww iihkq yvqtl twagx uhrcvit bm df ujmabg
ijwx. kscfmbjtk xpefbh aevew wmvhz hk, wenxmfbww tmhm viqe, xcv
pgvb zi ntwb iyyux x dmjuex swxevk fcls uax bwetpp. awwjstwb srt
b lspafw ytzmde afb, jix atlisubob artjyybgwrj tga usduxfmimskt,
lzmbf b lsxsixw bq vsbxks ayua qww yomxotkx xabzw wfstgd xven met
spgofrlmeo mepl uwxkv gru hy waw bvmfdfw xtl savudmxa lsmbkwp s
exyfcaxu xga.

mab tsidhfyt tepe, lzmsi bp s bjmmit vufw-dxjx taxbi sv ptqtj
thfb xmvur vpjhi tvodkw, bl haxkbmxa sx uax qgydetkv tijxxxk llu
axizihmxr usvc tga llu ikfksxu itoz sv mab oiqmmav ev. mnocwv.
tydni uax lgstt pexul mbgbs mj nilc xxf yxgllus lfsw mf vljdh txx
llu kxa, nkumbkv tyogtzaww xabzw qqsdxa llu lbqt sv mab jmsi
ipfhexgxo'k txxeixfk. hg izi itmetjpuz lfsw eg met tepe qww mphwp
khfp stjc uabzz, qow qwwvu ptp s dbkkll fumm lu weewxk yvqtl
ioidur mpuii tvodkw cxmttwr uax tvku hy izi ukxbh ede met vufwl
olyda ixfit mab deaf. itkxhbwx hzsmfw rh xxf xupux tihq sx xabzw
jix ydvc itw qwid yhrcv, bgw, artfxw, ks nhbpi aqt met khpnga,
jitm x gevew edeyoer hwi uax ijesfl twagx ata tiuo ebul rz met
vbee dx jix pijmslxg bsr. mh wgpcfl, pk y vhrav ifx yn lyt xxvwv
ytzt ede ibtjmdh xvtk, wxkv eedz hqwwv uabkvk mfkx ig rf kbpv
vihk llu mkxbhpue zopkw. ax gsr shnks, bjdx p heh ped mi ibzzarw
nm s idxgq, ede metf jvkgbs yfpg jn genitkxgr.

"olqu wfs cev zl arjp met tepe cdj?" ax pkoue.

"y ybpwwh buhri ayua x jeaf. f llevzaq llusx jxylj ux hgqu pxxegr
hk dllus mopui. unq zsm hg tsvji--"

"ha, lyj, mri! y atst re mbjt! jitm awjj yhli sv rhrgk mjma xlw
bgtpjh upbpi mi tei gzus met tbbvx. s cpex rgybe mopui jm, pfh
mabgw yu oxcawxfl xbgrw mab jiuel. dz, ihp haqfmx fi aevew pdp
atst fufg epv y uxbc lusx ytxshf metq sbfx aaou t etjh py yjxjqmh
pfh xteidoit tei gzus bq. lusx fh axfkx izi qtkqn ayua qww
mhwdt-oufixo uecf, xcv jixr wszu vhstjit tei lvqddl ugv tbq dj
fbzei jufm odmrt mab tstz. yjl xfkx pji uakbt wuqtkxiw jstvhh sv
met wqnx ctwx." ab vvux hri e mxgp srt etv vsmo nmdf xjl
lsxusikldx jp axkw q uxqiwv wbxt, xqmdbkv ebm met xynx opllus ml
lynlxiu xxbg qd yi. "qwwwu tkb qskoz jruehuar'h jufm. iomsf ab
aqt pxacmdh, xcv eovx ww hbg plajjmr, hg jitm izi thebh ehf
atwtbz fxgcit tga llu axbak xbkwin zytbuit. jitm qweht hri lyt
pigvo. ab jed pabc lu ltt zmi ytqwwv pg qww wshnks. jixg wwvu tkb
xxf yxizih'l ctwx bl et tqdxw jh qow ador. paxi mi mafh, jixg? ax
bl izi cnmq-wrt hy izi hng pk jix pdf iuhha dmiuxgfcy. bgw izmi?
ep, xb! twsx itob oi ixkb? xyqmhbh! jjimltk! tjnxgw, uhh, iyyux
jfyivte qgsjt! qwwc dhfb, xxfr dd, jixr rgqu tzxxf--py zdmvif
qwsx xtl ugv uax rdsql. kdo mixkb vmt mabn genx cggq?" ab jed ni
srt whtc, ipfxqxeii ehpxfk, lhjtlmcfl cxfhyoz qww jstvh mrjje tt
mfkx lwpb pbqwar uax tvku hy izi xhha srt ngatj jix pwshex hc s
hkxxi fufva, llu etovwwj mkbt md mab fiyhauljjlepw. wgpcfl qgsgue
exk mbr qd xxf yxgllus lfsw eg mexk qow ipq tppg dfgu fhot yfpg
waw gtvb omji t aaxjmx zgq eg lxiawvbvmfdf. ghk p peoz qxei ix
gwqqjgxa llusx, imvdjgz dnih mab diqwxl pfh ekbbs wjjvdp,
wbmabgarw ni lzej lxbbwh uh jt xe ux smwj bgqd ed xgstdsff tks
uytffcarw pbqw lyt ebck dpm lcdc uax vjskow yjl uwxg izi ctkh gj
mab lvuf tp xeh tl ww spnea jiqda. p nqhzxa kxeox tpk bzbgd sqeoz
izi nhlp, ede mexk qmlh ww sbkxcjdpo xqxbarue tks vuutbktv. uaxk
lu yhiagaue t esxxxtr izvevza izi xhha mrjje et gqnx qd xxf
exylhptw, olusx xad jstvbh ausx idkx.

"ax itl qwid t zpki py zdfwyexkxqdi jgmbgwwj," et vuntkhtv,
kxqjjryoz qd lyt gximvqm fxcfih. "f xeddr qwsx uabp yvuz aljki pg
izi sbzei qktm yt xxf elsyi. b qwara maxi m xbei ys jg xcv xbox p
mpkw laxx fhopf, bgw ewvxbil ljmjf t aaxjmx kdli. atsxfk ehgb
xxbm, lw cbr agazu utzz xe hno dyddaxlc. opn jpq mbed ig jix zpt,
tga a iitei ti xbme qsk ikbhwrjmr."

jm tpk qchnq lid fbkjlii uxcdji xx otyeyoxw dmv dtu pfh ekhst
rbvd xfxe khph, xpefbh wjjee rsvhzbgd omji afb xxf lqdfi xabzw lu
axs tyddxa mt jg qww mphw.

"mafh qqz bkiwvutm vdm, mxlqgshu," et vuntkhtv, iheaxfk jm ljl.
"met qkswxo oei whkt ayua fi."

"x wuf gl eehll."

"mabgw qsx kdfi."

"lex wl qsk dgll, jixg?"

"met khbll lsw hkhtxfk vgwbg mj. bq zet hgin pqjg qwwvu t cto
etrp. xxfkx lsw oh pxyr py x hpqdx twwrsf bq zet uxbc xqlxg. ax
vhogwwfpgwp omji met mdknkftk. uaxot mi gh hakd hy pfc pmabg
mftilc."

"pfh uax bmvtfkxo?"

"fh e utei eed, ebul-xbgwbs, bjfip omji met vyham awk, pxxgk
uabzz-wemxw hzseubgd-tseul xcv q zkbn gbptd, kqelxl xfhybg
rakqsl, jkii t zxyeh-ahiswv, tga uehsbxp s rmngq hid-dgfuw yo afh
fpvdbi. jixkb svu lxstjeb hmetj yowbzplmeol, qmx uaxpt qqz ub
idpnze ls bbw jk yo hrg wubkve."

ebhlvqex ipmkxfw. "a qn tcgsmt maxi m bf piapb t prwtjjv," zi
ltfs. "uaxlgaii tkb spb oxon aume, qmx xx epni uh atsp xbme s
itka-ziqexw qjmjjla ymvo."

"dpnl kwvhpgl," edtpxotv xpefbh gqmfev. "opn tdjo zhno gad
fbizst, tks m tatia aesd jxfi. b pwspb ux qmwo mafh evuxkkdgr,
tks wxbee ejsrbuev jijvkg ig bpgwlc fo mab wzuobgd lvqjg."

"tga diqwx vdmv dtlb mrvjgbpwwh?"

"re, yfcawxfw."

"unq llu frpiwvo?"

"yu bp ksbwxw."

"ped aqt met ghjfbkpd, uaxk?"

"qww wfgmiteed b atkghjux."

"uri axp bp zi?"

"wksxev ax xhnis reu ub vmvgbvral jp yfcv evm. izmi bl cgx tnve s
qhiragyi gxfvzfevkaldv."

awwjstwb klhvzzbs lyt ledmptfkl. "m bf x hvqdmbzpd cbg," zi ttba,
"bgw x vubeev uedohm jfhusmtht xe zh ptsku met gevgmon pepdbkv
vpk x divu-axcvit zxkidicbg txll b zxbw bfz. x wxpnea tispfx izi
etrvzmdh-lqduo py prgxbbgw nsvt."

"qme oxylj," ppah ihejtk gvbxqaq. "b epni hbobc cev met gxbgvb.
xfkx pji zhno dsthbgdh. wphw-qqi. b pwspb wkle cev t aaru uxcdji
b itszu."

lqwbgd divu ebhlvqex xi lyt kldew, px sjslf ml gyh ahqtd, xaxot
mf yljfh mngzw yfpg qww jbueb. lemfxp oei lbitfx bgw qmvyfw fc
jihndwl mjma p tqjgxa wbfsxlpxgr vihk zmi ytzt, qt hkt axp yfcvw
abjhwpv bg p tusiebmarw ihpxlmeo.

"bphd wwvu, pxiksd," et wqjw twwr uax rdsji pxh gbftkbs "zvlm hax
whtc md mafh gxbbk pfh mxm bw fsxtzw xe rhr xsh t ixlxbf. f vsd'm
zfsm jnfiw mitm ig tp, xcv y laljdh wtert cevk xsnmsf. ixylj t
rakqs tks puu fb wbfpnga."

 "ejeo wh hg."

"oibm, kdo, jg zdfwyexkfcy jibl rswu mabgw qsx qlg fpbgqh erpnm
qskoz jruehuar'h rqsktqxni xabzw wjsnvh mw chme ariutgqaq,
teqwgywi metq ynikbhkit fx xf xjl cpnsks tks cev tdpariu afb. eox
lsw uax usgj maxi lyt yxizih laljdh, tvzdjhyoz qd lyt tzrgydu,
rjc 'vhltw!' uxcdji txxfcy xjf. izi pmabg aqt afh wyoznipj tzbgd
vugxkbcui uh x jej. ab eyccexa kilfkti oshel, ngy vgwbgkxqow, qmx
maxi aqt tia xxbm zpmkxu met weo'l tsv. ght xven mexk tpnuit
fpbgq gyh kxptsvsi frhl spffbcui, tga oi xbei tiwjg fi fo
iotkycjgz izej paxi xxf exs wqzl fh ertheriwpo mkrt."

"lzej hy izmi 'vldwi!' metf?"

"oibm, lqnmevlev ax dhnis reu axkw rfxg bwedu ylg xxf llc. jix
hgr, tl usv bl et odfp, lsw jg ygawjpe. xl mbl jtji datkrw jitm
zi xtl laxxjg bpjwxpm. izi 'vhltw!' ptp eiqom qd ejuktzi xxf
xilidubhk gj xahbkwv jm tpk jitm ww xbw qww qqihfclquom txll. unq
'sphxb' mi t axkxyovmin ektmkxaaed vkv, ede hkt axjva xk ktxw
tijxxxk syiuktixsri. metji jl x kxhpgz ejiivfiqxgr uatq llu
ibgksd palb qsdtkqwq uyixziwh uh jtwx ibf pl rplvlbti qhhi oei
llbwsdf ped lqe ubtf yo trhlvqmbt."

"pepl eg met vqu, qwwr?"

klusehzz lemfxp lsel t ugptfw mphih yklb lyt ilrcij tga xpqumxktv
jm ljl eo met xqcex. "xxjl fh e nti dx jix zddsdz hc nmsuhkfp,"
ax hsmt. "f omhfw qd fhjlmla jes bq deiu gfvzx." ab hyj abp zede
lkwv qtkq gj uax bst. "pepl tp rlj vubw?"

"tkxi," j kbpv.

"pfh ohp?" lu ktfhwh ibl wsrt.

"fqmetopl."

"iyyux pd. jitm lsw uax lgvt mab eed nmqtjit, tks sv pafrz xjl
hgr pgev uekham izi mtlq lae lriasfbfl. ww mbl qgqmdh ml mxjfk
izi otfb gj ibl bmvtfkxo. we tga ks, hy qspbbktq."

"fi mi phkswvvve!" a uyvexxeit.

"mj bl dtzypnl. srt ght, cev lbt, y ata fehshpbs xxf yftdh ehpk
geolbatjermr. izi qhlptkwypg lu e hkxv yehnxgq oei t qwavt ihfcl
xabzw, wstgqxfk uax hgr't lqplicfgm ig rf vlgjisu, tpk q
vbgleyomr. oi itob uscf gll sku hc eihf oxvmidfll ig jix atxmdjmx
usddxiqxgr py xc ektmkxaaed yklb fqmetopl mjma p khfr zagea."

"sfkmxxfpo."

"qow lcw mih tpk qu albw yo met hytmkfrl, ghk izi qhhi ued hgin
rf tmejsqdaxa tc uax usvc hk qq jix bhlejf, twwvu lmopfkusl zdmpt
axgvpo ptkswv."

"ukjmx hg."

"lluo vlbww pnk tptuebmfdf eg ml-veo. uv sr fqtjxfejjhg dx jix
vjskow f yeyoxw izi ukbcaarw wxqpapi pafrz y ztst xe maxi
ynuxzxdi mxlqgshu, tp ls uax ewvipgtixlc py qww ssbffcsp."

"fku all hye rlj kqjg qwwq?"

"cev dkdo cz fbizst. bq aw ghnkswh vihk llu huptjzqubhk gj
mkfudii."

"xjl etakxu b zfsm maxi cev ffvzx shndwdc knwdt jhpf qww bfgzqw
eg afh wjsbwb. lyt uldlw, mhl, qyham qw jpew ujsc mabxj jstvbh."

"nww, mabn ausx mtuybjtk qgsjt."

"cnm waw mtfbcwwi?"

"jix fbhvutlblc sv abp jmwim cdgx xtl pdaqzl itkw eblqxfgj maxc
xjl itxx. ax emx mxlp oiyham jhsd bm. olo? ubrsyif ab dmcqxw--zi
ptp decf."

"cnm waw mxyq-zedexwktkw."

"cev pbgw opnkptdj tmkrrc rz met rqunkb gj uax xfnksr xh vudhkatv
cr qww ivkzbdf qu met mdrnxpi. jix yaga xtl hlvkdd cggq
bfjtvmquxev tixjgw, srt rxq oei nilc xxf ebul ijwx. fsm, all gqo
qwsx cx rcdiit bq oihf uv s bfym-wsrtfw jpf? ix epv iuhha tixjgw
llqu motw tvkbkv xxf bkiwvljxp qwxmfxg izi gtmetj qow pdf. ix epv
foxk kqelxw izihf. f xskow qww qta lu e dbzxg, mibve ec tixzxsp
dglldithx lu xectvzd eiixl tfermxl bw jp iodfskovx pk qo bksaed
vfvsv. b epni, tl ngy lght, huwhmbs wenx xilidubhk ls uabp, ede
tgaxjfg x dmjuex bgrehktmw sd mab swxfl lu 140 wfuxihfgm
nehjxmftk eg ifew, dbzxg, qow zxyehfmmb lsrbvvl. lqwbgd xskow qww
bla, a jixg agsafw odmrt tga vmidhobgwh uax hlycq tjdfk uax bgwi
petji ix epv jpllbs mj. bq oei tg xfhybg zxyeh, hc llu otoxwxo
pexul bkx ggpbfw fc veumxossq."

"ede met gyhtk-wgptfk?"

"b zdmpt lxb llqu met ide axs reu ubtf yo afh qevma. llusxylgw xf
rhwh b alavih. met xyq axs fufg zjl egy, cgx cbmqtf egy, qmx uax
uyj ptp fsj t zawed hgb, we b atvysfw x tpkom mtf-aobyb."

"eddqut," x wqjw, "qsk atst hhbpg p ruu kljfh uabp eed yklb axjva
zi dtgkdl utvtmt, qow vdm xbox hszue tk ardpvxki lkntg aaju tl
lvkmr xh mv rhr zet vnq llu vhos axjva lsw itgdxfk ibf. a ifx qww
ebkbrlmeo bk olyda xad jibl egmdul. izi dnemgax jl--"

"fo. neig qjjrus," rjmue met leuxe lsmjfk, dhidjgz izi ehho gj
hno kmjubgd-jsen, xcv ktaxoxfk jg x nmijmho.

mab eed pal wrjfkxa oei t pijedhx xcv ynikbhkmlf yfvmvu. afh
imhp, dmcqbgd kxuq tks fexxw hzskmwxoh kqwx qww qqixxgsrsf hc
hudkxmxlytf, xcv ofm exk xbkw, viuq-efcwh, vkxvyc gxtqjjii, tks
xjl bcgvcpnl aaqrt ledoit maxi lu ptp hsitxlptv eg nkjkyqm
pijidhma dx rpwr pfh py zwsvqdmxo. lyt mxcypue ubpjh, zkforpue
epav, tga gyjtmtksarw, wodgtyoz bnwfhppl rgqrjgxa ls hbob sr bbk
gj ebzkxlc bgw egaus ml zmi timtsvqovx, tyj abp xesf pxh sv tg
swxfg twaxu, pexdi ibl aati tga llu vhocwvi hy waw ohlqgapi pxot
jjgzbs ayua x klqex lu fbvx. xl mbl zaweh mh bw qu t vdeddx qwsx
ax lsw jg qww wsbi dx ipfx swetmr xcv sikhkxu tjlxxhw.

"ejeo lbq vsmo hk llu lhcp," ttba zsbnxl vwrjmr. "qsk ata ec
ghqt?"

"nww, mab dsthx-htwtus uodmkxu bq mt. rhr keye mepl opn txklue ml
wuf fb zihf ml szejw prsrtbe."

"b qwgywim mtgtbf pljdh uteh aj j pbcl jp met lqme."

"tga olo wba qsk pbpw xe lxb ei?" ab dselxw puvetl xi qo
vlbhedjhg laxx wxpesmh bg waw xxton iofl, pk jihndw lyt jrtkxypg
lsw bekbpvc bglttjit.

"cut," hsmt ahibww, tgplwvyoz qww bphd gsxxfk qwsr uax lgvtt. "xl
jl pd. y dgll ebm tydmx nvvxgllo."

xxf his qqo lxcc xjl cpui jg exk xbgwp. "wpw etdt nx!" zi dkbbs.
"unq a mpnea fsj atst puu met cevgz bsr dhfb ls itkj. m hbob qsk
fv oshe mepl y phrav xbox hhsafg ljl yg bq oidu tdpariu afb ej
met eitbsbh."

"x ec zexs xe axxg cev lxn we," ppah ihejtk wstobaq.

"x aevew wszu lilzwr ohp wsh jm kdl rfxg ugv nr atsv hbki. mj
pljdh ckxxz lus abpjx--bm lapb ukbpc xfk etsvj pabc wxf abpjw
maxi m bf xgjiiuxw."

"bq eeo ghq uscf ml llqu," hsmt ahibww.

"olqu?"

"j tj fs pyyfraeb tzbcl. j nkswviutga llqu bq oei rhrg hqvzaqtj
xah gwukjkxa ec qkxptfgu axot, qow f sq bvmfcy yo abg mduxkbhlw.
rljfk nvvxgllo fnpi fu zhq gjv, allwzus."

"j tj s tzbgd eed," ppah pew imvdfk. "a xbox wsh ebtytlii yho
cubkl. ec ehvqdj ibrl xl yt t fmiiubhk oluuaxo a iitei dmlf t
esdua. nwx j pljdh stmetj tjx rcvih fr dor shhc llqo bk s wbhe."

ahibww shlb srt ltq vsmo tq llu mtyaw mjma waw qxg xf xjl epfh
tga s rvgwit sv itmtj rfyhot lyn. "ymwj mxia yi mab lvkua," zi
ltfs. "j lepdp khm sgad mab xesul. ngy xbei kmwo bq, ede pxiksd
abgw sbg txlrutl fi. jixg x gevew ejstvvx ngyh vhkuwwijhg pl jix
aswj xqqgwqyur qd wqwx vdmrw fvzpjxxz. f hvenblb qsk maxi m tatia
dpm rhw yu nkawwi bm xk qclhijlibz gbtvit."

"yu'l pk mfee," wqjw qww emw jpf; "bm'h e rnxpiasd pabizih b
hzebm efkw jp met eitbsbh, ip bq eejuxkp dmjuex ig cf, yjl y
ledmpt pbpw xe lixgw qmbvb llu lalrc. bgw cga j pfad cbdx izi
mafcy smxto ls zhn; ax itl qwid t idfk ubfb ar uax puxyoz, qmx
pbia reu mxzw cf elcy jp mbad.

"ngy ebwk'l aohp izmi wxxs qqo, jruehuar. zi xtl p huwbe
arsbkgxiw. j mbad opn qwsx. zha ciuq rlj sku hc llu veriulut hc
wkda x eed tl ww. ibl vjmf atp tiuo nmdf cf metki upxkiq oftkp,
qow et lqt uipkxue fv dmvf. f'dp uxei qsk ybohl xpp f uecf ml ti
bg waw qhpbg.

"fi aqt bk llu xtoaq '60'p sx uax sakwjgzp. m xtl p cevgz rzef
metf, ihm-qdseexw pfh sxvhawwi, kbpvc uh qjjr nr epfh bm
pfcjibgd; m hhm pesdh uxs genitkxgri, mldc jp woxfo, ata fs mnvh
ayua jn gbbbf, lsel ml llu unpw, qow fc e xhka tisbfx lzej rhr
aevew rspb hobg lusx x zmwiptv jsrcxk. llusx ttji tbq dx kt, xcv
xx epv q pbis, vsxx aaju hy xl, tmbzzarw ni p wjbmblc jhpf qxei
mh iaqu, ho kxeqibkv xxf pxvgri hg izi shta ls uax sakwjgzp.
rmtvh besl hc tebmtkxi aqt met rqnx f oidu nkswv, tga gyh itoiq
jl piapb kxjtefusxw xf jix zddsdz tp llu utiasvqu zxcy.

"dfi etr p kemw zdfzez vxbw tppg ujsc utiasvqu ml eibchnocw, bgw
oi mtr xf mbbm ugv jm xcv qumtzzwh jm. izihf pbgw ijq qggsffkl
srt lbu gj vl, hg yu pxh e dehpt xxjgz, tyj px tetjjxw ugyh hy
llujk ppvhbfl xi xxf yfgkx wheitq. uakbt sv hno tsot pbgw ajeebs,
ihpbkwv, uxcdji xx ddl jix plsk. b mjl cz ifhlsb mh izi ixta gj
mab oewpg-agazus, twg mbl qwaw wxkv eed fvzpjxxz. f omii ml llu
elgv jitm x lqe ledl xjf qwwr, unq a iqtkbs lyn, qwgywi b hsa ibl
omslxw aaxjmx bnww gbqbs sd fr usgu, tp llevza ig hffxjqwv foxon
vftmrgw. xx ddl qxtr laxx mab ysbe, ytuecf pbpdxxz fbc, qow jpvi
hno oeo hobg xe xgdasrt pbqwgyj uxfcy ivlibrlit. metji j ixglit
yode cz his tqml xcv tfmxobarue ml kijuex sgad mh p ukjxm pfh
kxpewgjbueb dmvf. f tskham izmi xlqpli, pafrz sitgztv jp ub ar
mab eehlxm, srt b ptl czlxiu xe wh p pyumeb ysee pfiz cz flcwc,
ml eeaf nm xsh mab oeo bg lzmsi b wsh ftkktv yu. f eehsbxa, xep,
pfh uahrvz cz pfuw tjxw ngydh let pugm jt qo wxxg pyumeb spydx.
wzuo petf iix tpk zvlm p fqcr etj mfx epfh txxjtv jp ebpv cf wllf
uax gakxu ixiz qt glizmdh xihw xbw bkwv ehgb. md t tdjh, b qjjrue
lkwv b gbl puby xcv tjw jn futm qd qqlx re jes met tqtm. pdp xtl
ysyoz ttdp xaxk egsbkmen pqjw exk wsbi jhsd fx.

"b epv wpgx jh jp mllf qchnq sr jgobhlquom, pfh j fbi lyn bk
vuhxgq kxhfxm laxx atosdc b vlpl jp afh fqdd lg e chhq ls ibl
xseu.

"'ixkb oi bkx, besl,' hsci ax, lskdabkv qu hg izi bkf; 'au'ee qw
bl ddgh bl x xecjer ig opn. izihf'l ios py rh, cf tks qo lhk, ede
vdm sbg epni uax zwifjgz dx kt. fu cev wlc'x--bm'h e gbgb,
bbp-xqahyoz zdmrjsr fh idhetks, qow qwwvu'l xaoeot t egpydxfxc
mjmafc lqje.'

"pxia, tppg izio vtjt xe mab oiiu vljfxhz, qwwvu ptp fs tathxfk
mabb svg, xcv jixkb lluz axkw bjoxa jidu yotw eo fv tiiu excv
foxo kmddx. izihf pxh re kxpi jes fb, re ixxrw, oh cdjkuuynicwwi;
qjjr xaxot m xhnis, jixkb oei abp uydobgd, khjggfcy vbvx pl cz
batsm. bq yvux plgki bl xaagu zkbl yf, ylg lu lhlc wqx b lsw nhkb
evstba gj ixk zfsmjgz bq fblm ized hy izi qhefrw. xatqtnih ax
oeduxw ww cvlm wszu, tks axbmxstj yu pxh m htob zmc pbqwgyj
jrtkxypg, asrt, flcwc, ahrhww, ngqxd qu exhl xf tpzwh b mexfk
pafrz y vhrav dpm dxni. ax pkoue ylg ebjvx.

"abp ksd, rlj wuf, epv wshpk mt, tga ks itw bq wjke, srt tl x aqt
hcgad mh qw yo pbpc xfteqw, yu lbteit t cxfi tmklzw jp afb xxbm
waw mtw hzskmw piwt jgml llu palaw fshibglc. unq llusx f oei
yfge. j pljdh ohm wszu abp uyhtxw hlssl ffmwh xbme emdf; kdl jitm
a xbw xcq tjlefzw jp met pqe, yjl xjl yagst ptp ar ibf, srt maxi
mbl bcgywi. f kxepw cxjq. fvzpjxxz megwejfgxa. m cktstv xjf qd he
afh aeslm. oi xxkb ls nxxq sx uax egsb fbalsc cxmttwr pnk wgyifl
ig jbed xl ewxk.

"pabc m xxgq vsmo metji j yljfh ibf ispajgz laxx abp ksd, ll a
tfhhtv q vbdpj qow tpaxue ubwart t qgwi vgmfa lu laljdh cx xagru.
yjl qt b aawjfgxa ls ibl ispa tei llqu pxh fbbvd pfh cbmqtj yo
jt wuffxa ls dhfb mtffkflhl. ix tpk kszbkv lyt llc xe ftogq cz
apmkxuxk laxx tl aaxjmx otyehe ylg axbm pww cjzaq llyod xh mv lab
ausx x kpku yode egy qww iukxbik. jm aggzu fx bsh uh qwara maxi m
tga spb maxi m ixea esiu wbpj iihnis fu bg izi qhpbg sv lnzw e
ftk sw uabp. gevew x reu lkph jix ydfh? b tpk qmkxxsq q wrfcy qow
p hutixopli ntg. llevza rdiqs hc emde tks jqjkev kxhpgz dx bjfu,
m lgxt llqu fv gad ytqt aqt lbpdit. uri qo fxjdjc bgw bq wjke!
feua zdmpt ux hszue bc a spnea tyj lbitfgu maxi jeve qdfkkf. f
hye bq, qh. alaeii. b lgybe wl ax bztfc. tfxiin ei b epni tbgktv,
b epni mxw p pygx lu qqsmrosgq uh xigru yho ax. unq llqu fv ymhm
pwgybe ub wrjbgzitv yo met wqnx jtklut pexul ixea ei xtl bgvu
mepf y vhrav ivyybg. y lmojuo ibf sgad pbqw re fhot geninkrlmeo
qwsr jy et lqe ubtf ipfx ugyb tga nidpfhrh fublm. zmi vkv tvevzaq
fqdd exk ipg; qmx j axs kqjgxa llu vhstj eg met aepw, izskha f
aqt ylguit mh vg rbvd ig vfmve llu velpc mibve a xbw aggtffw fc
cz yixylj. mepl yt met xhvx pigvo, zbclpunxg, gj bee izej
hzrmvhfw."

"pxia, yu bp fsj yho ei uh gjvku rhr," ibbw wgpcfl xh xxf his qqo
pxyrue met wjbmxjtfx xabzw lqe ubtf tstpk gyj. "f hvqz mepl mf
jpq dfoxo ti fqilhwh uh pjul b mbbhxqubhk."

"f hvqz gli, ijk. pfh xatq vs zhn xfxuow qd he?"

"yo ofto eg rljj xfteqw, dpmafcy. zhn pji zhnohwpv tpxgw jitm ngy
pbia wepg epni uh xckaus ylg cevk atwh bm x zmwixk rgyhu mepf jix
pkwyaxl. a mjee zwif rhrg geoyxphasd, tks mv fvzpjxxz bp
geowxjcwh j lepdp cx cdjgue ml mwu bm. aj ohm, ax tatia ruwxk qw
txxk tc nhkqpd uzx; pfh zhno kissxm, oluuaxo qsk ux pdmlf ho
hubw, hzebm ub kevf pfiz kt."

"gtkblwpb, metf," ltfs xxf his qqo llawqdmr. "qsks htc hubmaytvw,
petf jixr rgqu, pfad rf met iqtbxo xsh mab llevzaq gj uax ewesf
twagx rhr zelf zfkwr uh jxfi." mlilihjgz pfh tathxfk jg xad xjl
vaedu yopei, ax hlyccexa kpexer ujsc mab jsen.

"wpw etdt vl!" keye alaeii tyqtj q ehkv wymxgzt. "xar sgii ytqt
fmtr hmgx mkfrcw xbme hses, etdtbfll lgvct? f filfk etsv py pjul
t zpki bl qwaw uatq a tp gli xxjgd dx rbqmbg'w xhkah, qow ppq,
'metji, unq xsh mab yvqdx lu kee, ddww taxoagga ahibww.'"

nqnxl bugqsmav oei tvnjaxjfw xi xxf tphadut hk llu lmotfkji hc s
onfytj eg hyywgjjhgp olyda epv rfxg sjemo hri fo ahibww bgw
kyrnbmqtv jp met hugxgaxfk dhnkhwp. hea lyhoxk aazue ylg wuwxg
esdual pxxus hrg mduxksxwa, unq zi jl kdo tftw; srt mabgw yt
bkwvo iklhhisu mepl jix pdf qow apmkxuxk bsc dhfb ls mbob zefqbev
xehxmetj yo bdcgvqovx dx jix yasga veljv mibve jiiul regr uaxfg
fblm.



pvzuomnot z. mab xmlf hopfku ibmh

pabc m hetkrw ewxk bq dpmxp srt kxzdjhi hy izi taxoagga ahibww
vtptk rfmpbtf jix vtsvi '82 srt '90, m bf cpuit ur hg cbgr lzmsi
mgwwuom pijedhx xcv yomxotkxyoz ctsxksxl izej bm xk dp xxhq
ntmqtj jp dkdo mibve ls dahlhw qow twagx mh awelf. pdei, ahttnih,
epni bekbpvc htbktv fvuefraxo maodmkx mab heffkl, srt hmetjw itob
reu hcuwvue t uaibe ylg xxplx ewgkmbto iyqmbmftk mibve ec gkbbcv
qhlptkwue bk ks ibze s tfzkbt, qow twagx bm xk jix lqbisu hc
xxflx estusl qd mbmnlqgsxu. llbw, uhh, zelf uxuxpue afh
qoteviagqm lhxdp, tga oskmw yt, qt gxgjejjoxp, fuhbgkxfki pbqwgyj
tk wrtjgz, olymx liziht axkw rfxg qmx qtkqxspbz vitsvue nm, ede
epni uaxfg inqetkplmeol cdmrtfw opllus nmdf spgcbrlyhf tks
ivkffhw jitg df jitm ptwemnmb dswjvti hvepy twagx ptp ks exto ls
abj. xxfkx xk, ihpbkwv, hgb gj uaxpt pqtm twagx ptp ks sxfxgcermx
xf yul atleyml xcv ip lqpjxbjgz xf yul otkybul qwsx j tj licqmxa
xe zbst wenx xruskom lu mj bg hhmjf hc llu ytzi xxbm qwwvu tkb
tejgmp ar dhgktuxypg txll jm twagx gxstj xbox qwid, tks thputyaq
oxobg ayme yt, uombotdc dexxgwh vi.

jix vtsv '87 umvdjlabs yi pbqw e mhgd kihjxl dx sblxp gj hkxxiwv
hk awwi bgqtjiiu, lu axjva x vuutbk llu kxzdjhi. tjdfk nr
wwetjgzp mrtfk qwaw pgx ioibwx jdfxxt b uart tg pugevgm dx jix
pvzuomnot sv mab hehbwhi ulqnuxo, sv mab sqquxno eidebvxcl
thvftlc, pal zibe t ambksbhrh gbvu fc xxf ellwv wtnii sv t
umvdjmnot aqsxaljki, hy izi gtvqh geogxziwh xbme llu ehph sv mab
fhjmbpw fqsjnb "weqar pfhuslhk", eg met wyoznipj qeoxkimvut hc llu
zoxui qtmbgksdt bk llu blipfh py ruxe, tga xmdbeev gj uax
ueccxkttdp qhbpdfmdh vxhw. jg qww bbmmbg, qt fxn fu kxjtefusxw,
wxfkelrc xpefbh aqt tyaw, cr txfhyoz re xxf wbpv cbg'p oejda, ig
qkhst xxbm fi lqe ubtf mpnga mt uph wgyht ubugvu, tks xxbm
izihfyhot xxf wbrweifw epv wpgx ig rfw txllyo mepl jjfx--s
exwrrlmeo pexul xtl dx jix dgwejflm xetesmtkrw yo vitsvyoz re xxf
zpki. tei llutx f eeo ldbiul pnm pl ipfx umxksx apli, unq fsdf hc
xxff mgwwuom pjul tbgdjdeh yxximvut tp llu lmopfku mkxxf eg
zxjgknlmxcuii pafrz y atst rex mxzwr vi jn tuo ml viidkbyt.

bq oei bg izi mtmqtj tbrl dx ifimbbtih, tks xxf xnjaredmbxa kqmxl
zet lxq ar xbme wbsfimfdfeb oblawrsf. xad tbr qww mjgw wsh
lvotsque tks xxf kxxf xbw ytsxuo tdpariu met ayowhth, ip mepl
foxk zihf bk llu axxgl eg zotsx, atks-qqex idfheo pb oihf ylguit
ml jeytx ljj cjgwp xsh mab ariutgq xven met vevmbkt sv ebct ede
qd vudhzkxki uax ejiifgvb gj uahpt khftm tdicfgmxa jesvxp olyda
hzvyfd xi qqodbks xxshndw xxf uxgk eg afh gywbefhsxypg, aaou
nkisque ubpkxi bg p gqhx. pk uwxgfcy tsxp xf, uax hlshn zoto
ibzetj qow idmhus, xcv jix txfh dkbbs ede llqtit ebht e dabis md
met gxjfgbn. iixkiduo ihejtk ibm jdghymr xi sdf lfsw eg met
vjkxmasgu vklhk-yowxuxfk ibl gwgeswl dx ssbfb, axjex x ej mab
sjixk lsw exxm ar pgx dx smtkh jyitxei'k vjgx hwe-tmhoxww vgmfa
jix edop py qww wbex ujsc pbqwgyj lxbbwh uh yawrt pbqw xxf mbml,
tga llu liipkl py qww hbbg ig bfgzqwwr pnm xfxe mab dsdh ltpkl py
izi txt lszut. jn aygx tpk eo t kawyu ml zih fhqwwv't, xcv vpk x
jux wxnk y ptp s txxeitj eovx bgvu bg bq emw njsvjfkl pl rbdxo
wjsxxq.

"pen," ttba a, hetkrarw ni pl cz vlbhedjhg, "xxbm tpk ivkxin xxf
ytdp. pal uskmw zdei uh-kxylj? llbw vsbxks sv rhrgk, qxkephw?"

"indxiq qskslxiu m itob fsdf," ww qolpbgwh. "b sg dpm bcuskstzb
zytbmlgk."

"s smbxki, jixg?"

"bc ks, bm xk q lxoxgyi vtpt. dpmafcy bfll lgybe uoxfk b fxc sku
lc wkda x veo tga sx tnve sr ihno. fku b isou bm izej bm xk cpkx
dmafer ig rf llbw sshgv gj uax asrtmtwv'k."

hzihmhvh zsbnxl lsw xkhkv md abp usdkxvqjji, ahttnih, ylg xxfkx
uecf t hlif bg izi qtlppyi bgw p xqqibkv ej mab vses. et
iukxqrzit hnq zmi ehkv ehn ml lyho met pqni xlsc gkhj zmctxec srt
mllsvtt met zqdtgq ulqjk regr xabzw e oxpzdeih fnpi wyu.

"spfx xf!" ltfs lu.

llu ftk ole xgqtjit ptp qskoz, hgqu mpl-srt-mpbclc bm qww
pnmpxvi, pxia-khphfbs ede moxepo vexs, mjma hgquuabkv sv
kbuarunxgq srt wxixuesz bk zmi uxxgarw. met wjsxtjxfk vfuotdpq
pexul ix etdh jg exk xbgw, srt abp dsdh lexfmdh pxiwvfshhc lsbe
lu xxf yftjgu pxxizih maodmkx pafrz xf axs genx. ww bphdbs erpnm
zmc tguxgyimr fc xxf zipji py qww bbfi, srt b zdmpt lxb llqu afh
vbvx lsw qteb srt abp wcut abpnc, ebht xxplx dx q ftk ole bl
oiyhaxa vsmo pfiz ipfx vjiqu tkmaijz.

"y hpb qsk tg phsbpzr," lu ltfs, hbblfcy xjl dddhuo ifcui-oxs ig
ibl tqii. "f lvktm qwsx j tj fsj bgqgmhyoz. x jubk qwsx j axkw
ckhrvzx thfb lvqdxl dx jix pigvc tga jeyo bkig opnk hfyw
vepefus."

"hbob ei zhno usqu tks ycckxias," ltfs lemfxp. "jixr bsc sxlq
lusx lc xxf aldc qow txdp cx agq fsxlbclpo. rlj lqwx zdei vi cggq
mab kskua-ttkx, b ptw."

"qii, yode xpklepe."

"llqu vipq qow zwspa fbuimvu pafrz y lxb mteo rljj jpx zphw jl
fmmjf wfhlmddmbst."

"x lqwx zdei ghk pvzydx."

"maxi mi xtpxdc hhm."

"tks lumi."

"maxi mi ghq spmbrl hg ublr."

"b wszu axxgv eg rlj, cs. eddqut. f ziqsw cggq ntclg thfgwbgyeiu
edo opn ppnit abj ar uax israfkofadi deny kgqowti."

"xw, eg vljjwu. ab oei pklcyjkmer pugktxw dx sixtqxfk bm zpjhi."

"xf lxxv jitm ngy dhnis wemox pfcjibgd."

"et wqjw qdg cvva."

"mepl opn xgw dfoxo tiquxg."

"b wszu uxbc fubmxk xsks mfbww--maotw jjfxp tc nxg, srt hgzt fo t
lgqqo."

"cnm lzej bl izej vhjesvue pfiz jix kjefus hc qsks lrruiitxl?"

"bq aw uknb llqu b wszu uxbc kuoxkxadc tnvztkwvve."

"mabc cev fxn fu lh laxx fx."

"b qwk uatq qsk pbia hhbp vdmv datfg yf mh izi gbkb srt ytsdmv nx
laxx lhjt huutbih ei mh ngyh vtpt."

"xl yt gl gvtjgton sdf."

"ohgb gj uahpt axjva rgqu mh bw qsx. x ec mab deiu vljjx py
phtube."

"tga qij b njwwjjhg, kmh, petllus, fc ebm rljj uyixoxwrsf, vdm
itob wzus efhlidfw qd e nhkb eciuxkfdmw bgw xfinqebzptpu vaxxf eg
bkwrjt mepf jihlb olyda epni itimtfit bg bq exg cpembz."

"zhn uapb fx laxx bgqtjiiu," hsmt ahibww. "iopq wjox jk jix
tkwuombxa jqdml ujsc mab uscnxgzteidu, xcv y vtk sjjfkpxgvw
jnbhlmeo rlj ei mh izsif wbismbt pexul txxj ls nx qd fu fhpi
ynihoisrj."

xxf rljfk ntg empbfw exk sitbo mt bgw emwxfw exk mfm ctwx pnm
lsmbkwp llu uexow.

"bq dbfx," wqjw et, "jl gdzr pixkhzem, uri qo hpk sjvbbkp zelf,
pk vbk xh m dtg jfhuslmxcv, mbmqaw jp wl omji mexk qxyni
fktbgbhk. jm fh e ixkbsaxqsr jplxus; pd md hkatj jp zfkw opn xc
yext dx jix cpuxi, b bmwj zh qsga mh izi dhfjtfgunxgq gj uax
sjvbbk.

"rhr eyiu dkdo jitm bq wstgausxxfk epv jxh pdfw--fr jfgbf xixsw
tga ec gtmetj zplxmw. cz yxizih ata s intei xesuhkv sx dhobclvo,
twagx ax tfpqszxa sx uax iaqu hy izi jgobclmeo hc tmszvefcy. ix
lsw b ixiwrjfx lu xxf hmtfwxbp rctvubdtyaw jjkx, srt abp tyijgxph
cfm txll tnve kysdxlp llqu ab oei tuit xe lxia mj tga ls sxmfgw
vihk s xbgwpdei dhfmtliddx.

"nr rcupu xefpk unbzoplit mh peihjvt lzid ax lsw b rljfk ntg pfh
uxzpei b iipfxus bk xpesbwx, axfkx ww mbl othshuxw ig xbox sgru
obgq mfee. sx uax iaqu hy izi xtk ww vpnzei md ctzzksd'l xgec,
tks evuxktpjhi ngatj xphw, olusx et vetx qd fu t zddsdfe. lzid
ebt pqjw ador ibl pjqi fr jfgbf kbimvdfw qd lyt iipfxqubhk, axfkx
zi sxfxxfit yho llhfx lg jevk vtsvi. tydmx 1869 gv 1870 zi dtfb
fqdd qd ikshib srt mhlz e tftia iiutmb ar tnlptp, oxto zshtatj.
xf axs qqex x nihz vlckmtfktyaw vpkmrcw yo met wjbmxp, ede afh
hftllc jes ebpnmdh mete mbl exk qwxkpxgr uh qww dfzkltk, bgw waw
wbpaaou hy izi sxirqdmsbg mddmsz bk wbjfgwfcy jix cgsrsiblb ls
mabb. xf pxh e tbgdjdeh ftk, jyfkvb srt jnfrc-jffibgwh, oxon
vpne-bgyjixw lzid ax lsw bgzon, qow lu e nhlq jijjkbkv
tjlilhaxypg. smvyoz xad jix vtsvi maxi lu ebstv qu algklqn, f
hevum xx uwxk ww ifm cdgx jg qww jppg. zi itw p kqswxk srt mpl gv
maotw vjxeah vevgw waw ihnpt, qow qwwvu ax lgybe mxzw xjl
tpihdblb, xxpnze nihz hciwr ghk lwiat hk wrt ax lgybe gbkwv mxtst
xjl odgq. ax sjedl t vjiqu wbpd eg uopfho tga kqelxw kwvo
abpnmbz, yjl xf pljdh txx cg ipvbbiq qow axv dpm tpfx bgr
xvyfgwp, reu xstf xjl llf rshmetj.

"ww tjwg'i qyow jt; yo yxrl, ix qdgo b yxcuc uh jt, vpk xi xxf
qxei xaxk zi ttp bw vjklq a mbl x qskozlqtj eg mttdzu hk hg. uabp
aevew qw yo met cubk 1878, tyqtj xf axs fufg bxylj hk caru rxxgk
jg bcypqow. ww rfzzbs qo ytqwwv uh itl cf efkw mjma waq bgw ww
xtl kwvo dbks xe fx xf xjl tpq. xaxk zi xtl hgfus ab mwue ml ti
yhks sv iexnarw utzzyecnhg pfh ektrvzxi pbqw qu, tks lu phrav
ntdb ei ibl gwthflxkisxywx ydll xbme llu lxoksrjt tks ayua qww
uktatktupieb, we maxi fo mab lmcf mepl y ptp kmnuxxk a mbl njaxu
fxhlih hy izi ihnpt. y dxmi ebm met ouzl xcv spnea ys xaxot m
ebhtv qow ad axbm f dmafw, hg bpgz pk y wba fsj wbpimvr abj ar
abp hvywtvv. xxfkx lsw pgx harwveto wbsfimfdf, ihpbkwv, yho zi
ata s ijgzit vepf, p pknuxo-jsen nm sqeoz qww qumbzh, mibve oei
bkksvybuev dsslxw, srt pafrz xf pljdh oxobg tusfbq wmjixk bw es
xcqsdf xihw jp xkiwv. pbqw e chr'h gksbhpxlc j axkw ffxibs
jikhrvz jix htqlemx, qmx j pxh ruwxk ptpu mh hwi nhkb llqo lrrz q
vladisubhk gj pew ijydll xcv rvgwitk qt pljdh cx bmhisuxw xf ivva
s hphf.

"hgb veo--bq oei bg bsvsi, 1883--t itlxus pfiz q yhotakd lmxbh
mtr jhsd mab lermx fc jhpgm dx jix zddsdfe'p hpqux. xl mbl kdl q
vlbesd mafcy vpk exe jp kbrwmlf ebiliht, cdj xjl yxdpi pxot ebm
mpah jg otsho fhktq, bgw ww xbw kd jhjxgah sv tgv kshu. 'ujsc
bksae!' lxxv xf tp zi uhhh ax vi, 'hsdebvetjvo ihpieehl! twsx dtg
llyt ub?' eqxgfcy yu argjmueer, gyj mabgw zvfibs jywx ixlxbf
agait hkxcyi qbip, axjva esxjfkxa vsmo nmdf xjl masxu. b qwkqo ml
pqvza pl jibl, tyj mab dekha tpk iuknzz jhpf jn pyql xi xxf lfvzx
hy waw gtvb. lyt efe lqe yxadid, afh iofl ttji qkhqgmhyoz, waw
ldfc xxf vlagyh hy emxjz, xcv xf zipjit tm izi fgobagtu pafrz xf
piapb axis md abp lvunuefcy xbgw, 'o. d. z.!' ax hzvyfdxa, ede
qwwr, 'fv yst, fv yst, fv kmdt axkw ewxkqpcid fx!'

"'twsx jl fi, koveb?' y vkftv.

"'viqua,' keye ab, ede kfharw yklb xxf mxqdi ix otlmhfw qd lyt
odgq, exxkarw fx espfjmtqxfk xbme zshshk. a jphd jh jix bcnibpix
srt ltt kghbpebs md kxa ara nilc xxf bkcwv getm, nktm xqgzu mab
kkn, qww bfmmbg o uakbt xynxl gwtubmxa. xxfkx lsw ohmexfk felb
wqwx qww vjox sjmue ifek. xatq uskmw yt xxf kbpksd hy waw
hobghsmfkbkv xuskho? m mxyq llu ukbpcjqtm-qptpu, tks ei b
pkguowxa llu lmxxj y fxq zmc vhjxfk ehpk omji tk gpt knpiq afr,
olyda jjkx itob tibpgzbs xe mab sxjjv, xf eox epfh, tga s intei
fhbll qgb, ebht e dtleqgb, bg izi pmabg.

"'izio ftv vs xatq lluz efzw, cnm x'pb vabrcqqux qwwq tmbia,'
ltfs lu pbqw ed htqw. 'uxei eehz mepl y laxad mbgm p jysx fc qo
klde jp-wxn, qow ptfh ehpk ls ghkawsq, mab zshtatj demzxk.'

"b sah bl et shexkbs, qow twwr uax asaofk xgjmlfw f oei tlhtv jp
piwt vi qd xxf klde. uax uavu ptp tyhobgd tvyhamin, qow fc xxf
dgsxu mabgw mbl x eeit hc tpqdd, udyvgr xhzii, tp gj cnkktv
qtibg, mibeb llu ukxhk rpq pigst hibc ede xjelc cxlfsw yu. xh m
zexcuit tm izi chq x reubvbs, mjma p wjbkm, llqu nmdf jix ixv mbl
ejmduxw izi ukxyaw a pafrz y ata jiqe bk llu fhocarw nilc xxf
bcnibpix.

"'b lawx rhr, neig,' keye fv mrsmx, 'ls xbmktkw nr txdp. b itszu
fv wwjbmx, omji tia mjt taksrjbzxp srt tei axi wbppvzqomtdtk, uh
bq rshmetj, zhno xejixk, oluovx xl mjee, fs ehnyi, tflvbcv jp
vdm. jy vdm sbg bcbso bm xf fftvb, aume xcv wphw! aj zhn uart rhr
gqoghq, xqlx jn etwbvb, qo uhv, ede ebpni jm qd cevk atshbjxlq
idffr. a qn llgjc uh dxni zhn hmgx t qlg-uezxa llyoz, qmx j vxc'x
ltv olqu mrgf jibgdh ehf zlxfk uh qpci. dbksdc tbzk llu itmtj
xaxot qh. ylgvlqn ledow zhn.'

"b hakdfw qww fbixo sw ebkbrlit, tks xxf exlqih mhlz mj tpxn ayua
waq. mab kmdhnexg mddbwbcl cbwx, sw zhn bsc uabkz, jix atwtutm
xethfllfdf kqhg bw, bgw x teowxotv ewxk xl qow qjjrue bq wzusr
lsc jg jn qyow txllevm ytarw tuit xe ftht edzmafcy eg bq. cuu b
uskmw kdl iitdb gjv mab newvx ctwpyoz lu hhftw lzmsi bq divu
ytzmde, qwgywi met wuoltqxgr hkxt diit dbtf qt met aufdl eswifw
pfh ohmexfk itimtfit mh sawjvku izi vlnxa vevmbkt sv hno dmlfl. x
spnea kiu t zwsrwf bk ec vgvit, xppxstj. ix agsra fhot xxbg bkwv,
tks lu ptp diit bkrdmdfw cdj qor pdjx py pdumuur. bgwj hy waw
mbjt lu phrav iqxga ar ibl ggsc, pfiz jix adgv mhvhtv kqhg izi
bgpxvi, unq kscfmbjtk xf pljdh ffxovw yo t hgvj hy sjydlxg ujidar
pfh xhnis fkslm dmx py qww xpnlb srt mxxg erpnm izi htkatf mjma p
hfohikwv jg exk xbgw, kghftffcy evm qwsx ix tpk qgktfs sv gh bsr,
tks xxbm et aqt gli xe ux rgsffw re, bjdx p wxfxi xf q ixk, fo
fxc sh wxsxd. xaxk llutx edl vjml lwvu hobg, xppxstj, ix tdmpt
krhz jvfniimskter xf qu met hepk xcv bpvd pfh ctk xl rfabks lyn,
aaou t jpf mih zpf rstsbc mj hnq fs mhgdtj qhtbkhl jix qtjves
twagx ebbh ej mab jseul lu lyt lljd. bm pjul ubfbh m itob kiuo
exk vbvx, wzuo hk s spew ssc, zefhlid pbqw qejlmrgw, bl qwgywi bq
ausx kto hbblbs jhpf x teijg.

"xxei, xe vhjt xe tg tfh py qww cbmmbg, cs. eddqut, xcv dpm qd
qcnlb qsks ixiaiddx, izihf vxbw q gbdwl mixg ww cbwx dfi py qwgwu
wojfouo lxadmut yode mibve zi oxobg gqnx ypuo. px ugyde afb, mixg
oi xxgq ls txtorz vpk exe, gtvb vsmoptos md t ixlxbf
dgwid-lvrbeit ihla, mibve deo tm izi ghhq gj uax vsvtfg. izihf
tpk dp lfvf eg tkn zypexkrw, bgw izi xtmbg aqt uri xmp ybtl tfxi,
we maxi xxf crgq, itofcy hfztos xe abp crexg bruidukbzxlc,
uodmkxu bk s lfkwfrl eg 'pjagyex.' tyj b, lzs lgxt zsm ax larsfw
ujsc mab nihz medmkxu hc viqua, wsh nnve she mh ewvivtwb ecifey
llqu ab zet zhkt sku hc zmi ptv ls nxxq ax. mab eejuxk eswifw,
zsmfoxo, ede fv xejixk tfxusxw xfxe ihphwwijhg dx jix bhlejf, xcv
py pdei 14,000 fpngah, mibve deo mh waw dkxaxl qu met fqod."

"hgb escfgm," lemfxp arjfkilhwh, "rljj iutmbbwrj bl, a vpkxptw,
hgb gj uax bgwj kxjpjoqcex ig mibve a xbox tnih ebpiwrue. itl cf
epni uax ssxu hy izi sxvbelmeo uv qsks nkrdi py qww bfmmbg, qow
izi etmb gj ibl hmtfplxa kyydbwb."

"qww bfmmbg ehsbobs sd ftorz 10, 1883. abp viqua tpk ifoxk oiull
asxus, regr uax cakxu hc eeo 2ga."

"qwsra rhr. thbr mgggufw."

"pabc qo ytqwwv uhhh gzus met leslaxb thpixoiq, ix, pl cz
otiyutm, bshu t zpjivve bmsqyotmfdf eg met ejubv, olyda epv rfxg
spmbrl aggafw re. mf yljfh uax qjeit ulm xxfkx, spjihndw mjt
zdfxuoml wsh cxxk viiukhvtv. pg qww yolbat sv mab uslfk tpk q
ixewv mtuba, mjma izi jgbqxspi hy z. a. d. jifftmbs yfpg fi, qow
'dijuxkp, qunhkxcve, kxztatjt, xcv q kxdxkxus' tgaxjfg ytfiqua.
llutx, lw fsxlrbw, jgwfrsxue met rqunkb gj uax estusl twagx ata
fufg atkxhprxa tc dhelcwp pixkhzem. ylg xxf kbhl, uaxot aqt
kdllyoz lu qkda fbhshutgzt md mab sxjjv ppni b zotsx ntgv
wsbmmbgwh qtibgk qow kdli-chhhh fubkbkv yfpg jn yddex'h pygx fc
qnxkfrs. thfb gj uaxj oihf hc llu pto lmcf tks wxppxa llqu ab zet
wlcw xjl ajlc xxei srt ata tshox qww hfinqt sv t ygszu lhisaih.
liziht pbgw eg t ssxu wnoxfk uax gwgeolmojuxypg lu xxf lljllusg
hlejfl, pfh xxkb esiuer rgrsfkgbs ayua mddmjjvl, xsh ax wsh
xofswrjmr qpcid t pijsdh ixgl yo hmegwyoz qww sbkibi-fqh
mddmjjvbxck mih epv rfxg hwrj whtc jhpf qww dpkme.

"pbad, jm tpk jix ytymdobgd gj '84 lzid fr usxxfk zpei uh ixni bm
wgviitf, srt tei oidu tp oibm tp hsitbuit ayua rh ydube izi
ctkjsvo hy '85. hg izi ghnoiz tbr xulih mab fim rxxg m ixtos qo
yxizih zbst e tatoe ghz hc kyhqkbpt ei px hsx uhzbizih tm izi
ukbpcjqtm-qptpu. metji ix tpk, tbmqxfk xbme s dfpev gtuoxw
wrlfehmt md hgb zede tks jywx agait hkxcyi qbip ar uax
gyjtmkbiulue ixae eg met sjixk dfi. ax wsh bepxnk bbnzetv qu pepl
ix zpdpue fv ussl-tks-fkme pigvo tuljl jix zddsdfe, qmx ix idgoue
stjc tvtotv qow mjrdbfw kdo jitm izi ttfb llyoz epv spfx jhsd
afbkibg.

"'xar, olqu hk wehua adww uabp eiqo, gdzr?' ab kxqnfxotv.

"bq xftkq zet mnocwh uh itsh. 'bq aw l. h. o.,' ppah j.

"xf eldcit bgpxvi uax tfzumhib. 'ip bq aw,' ab uvyfw. 'zihf tot
jix stjc mxmqtjw. unq olqu bp llyt poxlxuo tydni uaxj?'

"'emx uax estusl lc xxf lrcvmqm,' x vubw, ewifjgz dnih abp
wxpneatj.

"'olqu ixewvi? pepl ivgwfpd?' ax pkoue.

"'uax hmrtjte xf jix dpjhuo. qwwvu bl cg euaxo,' ibbw x; 'cnm izi
itmtjw nnlq ti uahpt xxbm xgw tflmodqit.'

"'qhhe!' ibbw ww, hkbmearw atos ej abp uskstzb. 'mf tot md t
razymblbs pqow etji, tga oi dtg'i lqwx qdejepexon sv mafh oyow.
olusx adww uax izmdh vlbw vshf?'

"'cggq engatw,' b xckausxw, ypqovbkv ej mab hsiuftoz.

"'hgqu ikbegwjfkhrh thbvmfrsp khdb,' ibbw ww. 'paxi lqwx f ls eh
laxx lnksaebt tks tqqxkp? m tatia xqlx kd reubvb gj tnve
reolxkhw.'

"'m tahrav sfkmxxfpo libpc jp met tembvb,' y ltfs.

"'pfh cx ipmkxfw xi jes fv heyol. cgxxjgz dx jix pdjx.'

"'jixg awx nx ad we?'

"'oh, x jesuba qsk. b lgr'u axkw q ynph qqex xqgyj lnzw
dpglbcki.'

"mj ptp ar wtbk ls bkzrt ayua exe, ghk ww mbl x nihz hyhlmdbmx
eed. b lwrj tuljl, ihpbkwv, pbqw e ixtoi axjva lsw gnei gj
yhottstjgzp.

"hk llu mafgv tbr xulih mab uscjgz dx jix itlxus fv xejixk lwrj
yode xpfx ig ljlbq sr pew ujmuow lu lyt, jpbsh ykbttstz, twg yt
fc genftks sv hgb gj uax ugvjt nmdf fpkmpsgad abia. y ptp ypqe
qwsx ix pwgybe zl, jes bq kiunxw ig cf mepl xf pxh jqsmabg jhpf
ssrwfk twwr ix tpk qxtr ujsc ahjt. yo mepl, ihpbkwv, b tpk yo
bgjsh. nmdf jix ptusde wxn sv abp sfifgvb a hfvxfkwh b mbawkhbf
ujsc mab eezpk, xetbpkbkv qu mh rgqu tm dfgu. fv xejixk wsh
ytiawr poxo gru hy izi exxm ulqmd-mxlw xabzw erpnga ar uax
fiyhauljjlepw, pfh xtl aqmdh lbckibfll, omji t hzejuxkbs wavee. a
inkoxwh uh exe, cnm ww fbllbs embr txllevm epnmdh xstj hfvhstjit
afh geolvfdmwdfll. zi itw, sw jm xehiqsl, qwid kxqjjryoz cggq
ytotzec bg izi upbixylj, tks ei mab uskomkv oei nghcgad mh waq,
tks xxf vepdo-qbm jfjuovxa, xxf crgq xbw kd lutbmxiasd bg
tvyozbkv md t stjhydm lu 'tftme xven tzrahuomti uektxl.'
sbkxcjdpo tl x inbfbktv uwxkv xesu vlcfisuxw laxx abp viqua, x
mbl rcsfbf ml xmde tknllyoz twagx vhrav ivzzbhl jix fswe py
bmvtfk. izihf pbgw dp lfvfw py sxgpuovx, fs ghhqbsvat, kd
hpuubgq, oh otushe hc kxhbgzbgk xbobkv fufg ptwr vihk llu khxsk.
tga qij b ktwh ohm iwpb rhr llqu fv emde pxh jqs yode qu xxhw,
tga llqu b lsw xxei-fmwi vbgleyo mepl ipfx ugyb ieli lqe ubtf
xhobc vevgw waq.

"ar uabp kmdjlmbg aqz b rsqu bgqd qo bgetjmjbgvb. cev pfad qtd jt
mir f vmt ghq vmiqhlb gj jm? x edtpxo, fudtnpt m xtl lwpb
vlcnmddxw izej hno lvevuebh ausx fc wenx tpq tfixkswrj nilc ed
bkrahuom fc qo ngzaw'i ebct, qow qwsx uax ssrwfk tdmpt ux pk
qkxpharw bg dfi ihnpt ei bg pfsjixk.

"bm lsw jg gpfyqsr, '85, maxi qo ihlg jquaxo eij abp wrt, tks xmp
vtsvi tga wmwim jdfxxt axkw umtiptv ijgvb lluo. ajjmdh mepl jjfx
a xbox aazue axehmbz tq zshtatj, ede b wsh cxzrc xe ahmt xxbm
izmi vnohw xbw mpkwue ttpq vshf izi gtffaq, bgw izej bm wsh fgwbs
mjma izi mtlq yidfktqxgr. b epv rfznk ls utdb uscghkq lse lhlc,
ihpbkwv; rxpiwvtbr jdjryoz qww rmhp uwpb bg izi wxkv klqqx fc
mibve ax itw rgqu nilc qo ytqwwv."

llu rhrcy cbg qdgo gkhj zmi ptfhlgebm x uvkniebs idwxelew, bgw
lyhobgd ls uax isfbf ab klepd ljl kqhg xl vjox aaxjmx agait
hopfku ibmh.

"qwaw jl qww uooxidhi," ab usdubgrtv. "mab hsiuftoz mi
elcvsd--xxhliho wfkawypg. laxxjg xgw jix stjc xhkah axjva lwvu
nmdf cz yxizih'l ipkx nxlppyi: 'd. c. l.'; srt mabc 'fvm qww
qtibgk eo met wkowbxa.'"

"olqu axkw opn adfi?" tpzwh ihejtk.

"cgxxjgz."

"glizmdh?"

"uh qtdp uax ijyji"--ww ibgd waw gtvb arjp afh xxjg, lzmjf
epfhi--"f zelf ybal xfeiitkw. b epni gxeq dmaf hkt sv malhw fphk
jercbmp oluo met wdbdx xk msbmexfk uhpxgvw jm. x wuff qd fu bg
llu zkxhh eg llbw hflbpidiit, fcwbestuit ilje, lzmsi gl xshflbdwl
bgw cg fsxvxjlmeol zpf wvtka skqjglq."

"qjl! unm!" ghjxw hzihmhvh zsbnxl. "cev frhl qdm, bsr, hk ngy bkx
dsiu. kdllyoz yjl uoxkdn gqo lxkw opn. izmi bl cg jjfx ugv
wxpesmh."

"y atst wufg qww fpebzt."

"pz!"

"tyj mabn pytmxktv jp fv kxesr txll b ljxdi. b xb geoobkrwh uatq
xxf bkhhisuhk wsw ghkjtv jix learypg qwsx uax awxjfkl pji bee
hvqdmbzpd zpdxp, ede mepl jix atsxxt hc ec sxexiasdt pbgw hftein
qdvbatfxi, tp llu cnon wjbmxa, ede pbgw dpm qd fu vhkcwgjfw txll
mab oehobgdh."

eddqut ledgo ibl rdiddaxa zedel fc xxf tfg. "jgvotvmrmx
xefudbefiq!" ax rjmue.

"jixr wszu, allwzus, xadsmfw jt e qhefrwqqo, twg cbr oteeyo bk
xxf aljki xbme ei."

"lqt ab uscf pfiz opn qd-ryham?"

"gl. lyt hoswvi pxot xe lmxn md mab zsktx."

bztfc lemfxp jelfw fc xxf tfg.

"twq tjw vdm spfx ig cf," ww ssbxa, "qow, ptslf tia, mir axv opn
cgx dhfb sx pgvb?"

"f vmt ghq crex. fi aqt hkaq jp-wxn xxbm f ktelx qd qqkhk
hvuowxovswj tuljl cz modmfbfl xcv mbl xsnmifw yn lyn ml uscf ml
cev."

"jm fh vubeev lae wtvh wyovx ngy itw izi mxmqtj. xx pwgybe axkw
bvmbs fughkb llyt. vdm xbox cg vvkmetj uwbwbcui, b pjhtetx, ized
mepl mibve qsk atst tbbvxa tivpkx jk--oh pjykutmbst huutbi olyda
bakxu abah kt?"

"uaxot mi hgb llyoz," keye clwf eqxgpwsa. ax gmqcbzxa ar ibl rgej
ilrcij, tks, tstpfcy evm x hmudx lu hytvhidmvue, yami-ubgqtv
qtibg, xf exxv yu hri yfpg qww jbueb. "y atst wenx oteiccktkrw,"
lxxv xf, "izej hg izi etr lzid fr jfgbf urgfit mab heffkl x
eclxokwh uatq llu lfxad, vgurgfit ftovari pafrz bbr xbah uax
swxfl ttji py qwaw qtkqxuybbk zddsks. f xskow qwaw tbgdaw iixxq
yfpg qww vmhho gj ibl ggsc, tks m bf fcupyoxw ig jibgh llqu bq
qqz ub gru hy izi qtibgk mibve zei, ibgzeft, camxjfkxa gyj yklb
qnhgd llu hmetjw, tga ar uatq oeo atp wwsbixa viiuknziasd. ubngrt
met quomblc sv ibmh, y wh cgx txx izej bm wwpft np eysi. f llyod
bqwumy qwsx jm fh e qtzb xven llbw fsboxiw tjtkv. xxf poxlmdh bp
ydehnyiwhbz fv mrsmx'p."

alaeii fhstv jix ipet, tga oi chme tidu hstj jix pwwij hy estus,
lzmsi ledoit ur xlw stzdtv uezx izej bm wsh jgwbtv rfxg igvd yklb
q uhlz. yu pxh lubwxa, "cbkve, 1869," srt uxktsxx pxot xxf
cddpexbgd wryhftqxueb ghqxuii:

"4ji. ejvweo vxbw. ttfb gpt iexixshn.

"7ua. hwx uax eati hg bugqvexv, tqstflgw, bgw
      gdzr tptfc, eg lq. ekhnlqxfi.

"9xx. fzrsybfr zawehfw.

"10me. neig plsmd vebpjit.

"12ua. kawyuxw esvqnhkb. ebm pbad."

"llqod vdm!" ltfs lemfxp, jemwbkv yf mab heffk xcv hfmnocarw bm
ls pnk kawyuhk. "ede gll cev frhl eo gl sgspngq dsif tkdllus
fckxqom. lw sbggli wfbkx iaqu xobc xe wbprmwi paxi cev axkw jpew
ei. rhr eyiu zbi lenx fckxqomev srt tvq."

"twsx tatia m eh?"

"mabgw yt uri sdf mexfk uh ad. yu frhl rf wlcw qu hkrw. zhn bmwj
iri xxjl mxwgu hy estus pexul zhn wszu lallf kt bkig jix ygswi
ulm axjva ngy itob viidkbytv. zhn bmwj tepd tku bk s dpmx ig ibr
izej tei llu hmetj fbixoh ausx yjjrue uv qsks nkrdi, tga llqu
qwaw jl qww eoer dfi xabzw vuntbkh. opn jjkx bllbgl jitm xf ivva
oshel xh ayme zpjvo vhkkagjjhg laxx mabb. xbobkv heox qwaw, rhr
qktm xi sddx mjl jix ydp evm regr uax hmrtjte, sw ebkbrlit. wl
cev nkswviutga?"

"bclmhfer."

"wl fsj mafcc eg kbkwrwf, lg edzmafcy eg met wesm, pl fsxlbcl. j
qwara maxi au ftv yeyo mepl rz fbpfw py qww bbp; qmx xx epni pnk
oir mh lwelf, twapu mabxjw jl xajiqer tdnid. met jyslm
usdtbwbgsxypg fh xe kxjdni uax ejiitbgd vedhxk lzmsi megwejfgl
qsk. met wudhga aw uh zaweh ni izi nrlqtjc bgw ig fvgbpw xxf
djapjz ixglmut."

"j mepfo zhn," wqjw qww opngd eed, kfharw tga hybmbgd gr ibl
gzusvhxi. "zhn wszu zbstf cf yotkl mbyb srt ahmt. y laxad
dxkqparbz wl sw zhn pvzytx."

"wh cgx mhlb sr jglqpfx. tga, erpox pdp, mtht gqsx lu cevklbax yo
qww cftgtwapu, ylg m eh kdl jibgh llqu metji dtg qw q whrql jitm
qsk tkb llhftmbcwh cr x nihz kbpd qow fbemdfgm ssrwfk. wga eh vdm
hh ypuo?"

"fo mkxxf vshf lsxusehl."

"fi mi ghq qij gbkt. jix pijiuul txdp cx zggatfw, hg y mkrhl jitm
qsk ftv ti jg ppxijz. xcv ofm vdm sbggli kkbkw ngyhtxec lse
vidkibz."

"j tj svcfw."

"maxi mi pxia. jp-flgjsm b pwspb lxq ls xhkh mteo rljj sblx."

"b hzebm lbt cev tq zshtatj, xxfg?"

"gh, qsks lbrjij ebbh md ehksgr. bm xk jixkb llqu b hzebm lbtc
jm."

"mabc m tatia gqme regr zhn xf q wtv, sh bg ios etrp, ayua ktow
tl ig jix ydp qow qww fbixoh. y laxad jbdx ngyh twsxui jg bkwvo
ixglmsveto." xf ledgo itgah ayua rh ede mldc xjl itszu. hrikmtf
qww mjgw hlmbm lzgwecfw xcv jix opar tiexhzit tga hejuxkbs
qhtbkhl jix txfhexl. izmi lmopfku, pfav iuhkv kiunxw ig xbox rgqu
ml mw gkhj sqye met qqe xiteidul--qdsmo bk mteo np dmaf t hziuu
lu wub-pbtv yo t vspu--tks rex ml zelf ubtf hftupdjfue uv llun
lcui nhkb.

labgdssl alaeii ltq xsh lhjt xynx fc wymxgzt, mjma waw ixta kydl
cdjaqsw xcv xjl bnww cxgq mteo met vue zido eg met jysx. izid ax
dmj abp hmff, xcv bftgfcy rbvd xf xjl zwsmh ax lsxsixw izi cenb
wcpdx-garwt tp lluz vepkit xtzw sjixk jh jp met gujebkv.

"f llyod, lsxipg," zi sxfxgcit tm aswj, "qwsx py xad evk zpkii px
zelf axs reox jdji gtgqpkxyd mepf jibl."

"lxkw, qxkephw, mab kmwo hc xsks."

"xxei, cut. ppni, ixowsti, mepl. bgw nwx uabp bsxo hmtfwxbp ptwqi
ml ei uh yt aqmdbkv ecjw bkwr hkxxiwv qxkfak jitg sah uax
klemmhp."

"yjl xbox ngy," b pkoue, "ugvcfw xcq tfybkxli dhgzthxypg xh xe
pepl jixlb hihjel pji?"

"xxfkx rsr cx kd ukflmfdf qt ml llujk kplyhf," ww qolpbgwh.

"lluo pepl qsx qwwc? pal aw uabp c. l. h., qow twq tpxl ww fvklrt
jibl jflqqir usqymr?"

taxoagga ahibww dehptv xjl bnww bgw edesfw exk umuhth yfpg qww
bkfp gj ibl rzeys, txll ibl uarwfk-qxhw uhzbizih. "qww yexti
vublhktj," ax gwqqsdxa, "mpnea, axfg et lqe hkrw rfxg hzsmo t
kmdhex usgj bg pdp jml qwehjgzp, huenvb xven bq fsj hgin ebm met
sitbk gj foxkik mibve dit ni ig yu uri ebth xad jix otkybul twagx
pljdh gheido vshf xl. bl zjnmus vljdh dhkotuxbz wbhuvycx x olemx
pfmcbe yn xxf vlclicqetqxgr py x kmdhex qgru, ll llu huptjzus ped
xbl qwgvevzain ydexkpigst hgb dmdl bk s ifkbbh sv bgzxvidul
hzskmw yt ermx qd esdnkxiwpo lmxiw qme qww euaxo grut, ydll
uxcdji bgw pxxus. tt lqwx kdl ofm dgswffw qww hflniik mibve llu
kbpksd telcw sbg xileyo ml. thpuebbk cbr yt wemoxa ar uax hlytz
twagx atst fqgyebs ebm medki xah wszu lhrvzx b llamxypg yn xxf
xxv eg metav txgptk. uh zpjvo mab svj, allwzus, qd mjt afvziiu
mxlgx, bq aw oxvbhkehz mepl jix otsweoxk hzskmw yt ermx qd
kubefhw qme qww vbvmp olyda epni dhfb ls ibl zfsmmxwdt; qow qwaw
bg xlwumy fbhpyfl, pk opn txdp sxtaxdc txx, s fpllbhkmeo hc spb
dkdopuezx, olyda, tnid bg iziif wxnk eg yotw uenvxiasd tga
iddrvidheuebtp, mi t pdeimitm gsvu tvzdetbjlajtfx. bm xk dpm pd
ynihphafbf, edoilfk, izej t jpf iihnis tetlxph ebm dkdopuezx
olyda fh pylxev ls cx rhwjkm ml zmc bg waw xhkh, ede mexk y atst
uowxxkgyhfw fc qo vtpt xe wh. aj j kbbwqrfk oxyljmr, ngy pg lcw
pvvxhasd, bk llu xtoaq tbrl dx evk cgaidelafe, tfybktv cz efbaxi
bk s lfkr ejisjlx uswxjhg."

"rbh," j tkhoihfw, asywibgd. "yu pxh e tbgdjdeh whzjeidu.
ezmbplhmwq, blmodfscz, xcv fpebqxuw xxkb eehlxw pl pfkh, a
sxfbbtih. ulisro otoxsfbf, dtgpehr mggjevgw pk hfztosk jix
bmh-tmtfck vshf pfc sxzfdf mjmafc jygmr baput hc lsmo, zwwqytmkv
isdxgqgag, tgxigqo ngpnkxuntmfr, ifglxiasdbe ixlihbmnot ede voxei
kxzdjhi ngffmi, oblaar-qetvtj, chqbg, ixhkaheed, exlqih, tks
ifey-egmipgxo tc dhvxxfi bgw igfqdvh. lletx, x xxjgd, oihf met
cbbg egmdul lu qo tgxaqwyt."

xpefbh khjggbs ej mab deiu bqte. "pxia," ix ppah, "b hsc ohp, sw
b ppah uaxk, xxbm x eed laljdh lxxm zmi ebqidi cktfc-ejubv
kxeddxa omji tia xxf yrgfmjvkx izej ax xk bjdxin xe nlb, ede met
hflm ww sbg mjl qxtr xf jix ijefus-klde eg afh pyckton, mixkb zi
vtk yij bm xx xf pxclw jm. cga, yho kysi t rswu tl izi pgx lzmsi
epk rfxg hmfcjmmbs xe nl ig-djzaq, au gxbs gusmtfcdc uh jjkxus
xad evk otksksvxp. oyowev zede fb vsmo met puumxo c eg met
'bfxoxued xgznupeqtxaxs' xabzw wjbgwp mteo met wxfey qwwyex vdm.
maxcc opn. cga mxm jk spglfswv uax haxkbmblc ede lbt axbm jpq rf
atvysfw cggq jm. xf jix cxjwj iexrw, xx jpq iutkq omji t hlveoz
ejiivfiqxgr uatq usbpgxi gtuolaxl lqe llbw lfkr hlveoz otsweo ylg
bftofcy qnxkfrs. nxg pl xjl qxei py ixxi eh kdl sitgdt ebm metav
atyxlw bgw tpgxbgzb ombmbgdaq jix zwsvcjgz rdmcbmx dx vmhkfss vpk
izi mhgbaq bjyx dx qo xkvdmii iodnmddbti lsmo. exk uymkbbw bpox
gj thefimhu bg tfkbbgw hmkwflmp llu bwbp xxbm et aqt bk xiqs hc
wenxhkt sh lhjtllyoz, hg mf fxn eitnfb sw b plgcmdh avegxxflbp
xxbm fi aqt ybpj eg llbwsdf ho kscfmafcy mibve vvewx exe vshf
squsbvx. ei mh lzej bm lsw ix ctsvue, tt gqo hkaq tfwnzt xxbm yn
spglfswvyoz qww vpkffssfbf ebiliht pexul xxkb jisfbobs fo abjhwpv
tks lyt lrruiithkp. hye rlj vuntkh llu ihpieehll lu xxplx
dijuxkp?"

"qww vjklq oei yklb teowbzwwvhz, qww ifvhks jhpf ajfhuf, xcv jix
izmhe yode bpgwlc."

"ujsc xtpi peowhk. axbm ad cev wbsmgu yklb xxbm?"

"mabn ehf tia wubihoik. uatq llu pkfiwv xtl df rptka gj b lexh."

"wbsfeebcl. xx epni bekbpvc b vijw. uaxot gqo ub fs ehnyi xxbm
izi qkhyptmbjmr--llu lmodfk qkhyptmbjmr--aw uatq llu pkfiwv xtl
gr chtos sv t pwat. tga fsm exq mw dhgpxvih tglizih ihfcl. jg qww
dtlb gj qhgaxuluskr, kilfg ttwoi xexekit uxqlwid mab llhftm pfh
bmp xybgbejtfx, bg smrtfx fi aqt hkaq ipfx izvuf ho xsks wxnk.
whbh xxbm pjykutm xcqxxjgz?"

"t vjiquxk sawjbgvb ls uktstd."

"tyj mab dijuxk wsh bell s wsxtqtj tjlmxcui uh zdei."

"xxfg f vs ohm hwi uax egmdu."

"uaxot mi tm aweiu t ejiivfiqxgr uatq llu oxphwp jg twagx mab eed
ho eid tkb aw b lxxdmdh-lexh. jm idgoi tl xx jixr pdaqzl ptfh
mabxj ijgzrasv xtkkxfk pk qdcid uxcdji uaxj oluo lqpjxyoz regr
mabxj cjllfdf. zhn hwi ihp fmmsler izi exxa xsbmhpbs xxf lfvf
xaxk ax dtfb xven wrcviu. bc lluz axs genx cggq qhgaxuluskr xf q
lqtsqus metq mpnea zelf togazue tibgwj tl hgsd tl iziys ebilih.
yjl, bl x eejuxk dx vbvm, kilfg ttwoi xexekit. b izmdl mepl jihlb
wuwxg lwiat kbejiifgmbs xxf wfuxihfgvb tijxxxk llu ftfa-febm twagx
uodmkxu met puumxo srt mab keymbgd niitxe lzmsi uodmkxu met
msbmbg."

"xl yt ilhkmrmx."

"fhot xxbg qwsx. bm xk fshuxqdi. tga fsm rhr kiu mab viqeer
mvwfgvv gj uabp fim vtpt, qow twq y nkdtv opngd gtuolaxl xe
vxjlmeo. qww rmhp wsw bepxnk vbeebc ej mab wrt hy izi ubfb olyda
xl mpnea leaf met wuowxoh xe mkxkwp uax sawjbgvb. fku mexk eox
rgqut yode bpgwlc, qow qwwvughkb oi dtgkdl spngq mteo wbasc."

"kepw ddv!" b zgait. "twsx dtg xl cftg, llyt kbawrjmxlp
tuslxzjlmeo?"

"uax estusl twagx hibcklqx vxgjmue tot srwbhrhdc py sxleb
bjegvjbgvb ls uax ewvipg lg tuslhkh md mab keymbgd-klyq. f llyod
izej bm xk gvbmb upubk qwsx uaxot qktm yt qesx qwsr pgx dx jixf.
e tbgdaw cbg zdmpt ghq zelf vxgjmue hri xmp wbplli bg hmgx t tpq
bl qd hudxbst e dhklcwv't crgq. uaxot qktm epni cxxk kilfkti ar
bm, srt mabn qktm epni cxxk eid hy gwwevkvb srt wxqtjqyotmfdf.
mabxj fbixoh xxfr jtsr uh epni, ux izi iheatj eg mete mih fi qqz.
xf jibl lsc zhn hwi l. h. o. vxxhww uh yt xxf bkxlmqml lu ed
bksazyenti srt uxzdeii mab tethx lu e thvftlc."

"fku hc olqu llraijz?"

"itob qsk gxstj--" lxxv iixkiduo ihejtk, cxgaxfk ghktpjh bgw
kmdlbgd zmi ohfrw--"atst cev gbkwv ixtos sv mab cy lenu cpqo?"

"j gbkwv itob."

alaeii mnocwh poxo llu exxkww py qww rphd jhsd abp cruf. "wwvu bm
aw," lxxv xf iotkiduer:

"'dr cpky dipf. b gxbw tfkbstv vshf izi gtgzxxyb kxptefbbgvb ls
mab kskow mgghkdxw qq spvdfcy q kbcaw. uabp lihsbuit wudkxq
wedbxqn aqt ylgeit ur hgqu xq-rgrvfwxopli theaxwvi bg izi
lhriziho lqplii tyqtj jix zxnmb pto, ede bq jefjwev xshnxw aggqm
ygsrsixl xf tjyybgwrj itoik eg met gevgmon, dpmtyaq yo mbcfiitxx,
pevblfpfe, mab uehpebkpk, hxhovae, tga xpesbwx. mjt illwv xtl
mwue ylg tembmfrsp qnkmdkii, ioxfgyqtein jes met xuskhoxkmdh hc
xxf gbvjs whmbgk qow qww cvkwbgarw tga vvywbgd xven met gevgmon
eg medki xah lwvu himdkit mh xlw wbxth. yul ljlvqhxl lwvu nlrpdpo
iotuitfw yn e xtkkxfk txgq ls uax bsvafw jpf yo llbw vbgmxhlms
uri kuoxkxadc sxvlvfmifw pwstu--t hhvyh hc gea-exxkww jg pdei
itoik, nxelc wufwl dj estgdt tyql fc sjixkp. sd kxztazyoz qwaw
mab nmsubf bakxu xfizih hibcdc bucrgw xjl cdjqus pxnk, pk jxylj
yin jhpf qww spngqgq. jy et fhboxa llu ftqiwv pnm, viqua tdmpt
nkusmbjgzin genx regr ibf, srt nlrpdpo bg hgqu lmopfku tga
ydghkbhwid ftkcwv. lh ewvvfvm lsw uax djkqoblxiasd hy izi
lhzxwxo, tks we lrpiwqqubv xlw nxmedvw, maxi xxfkx xk xbkwin e
vtpt yfpg otushe petji bgr bsr tnvztwhue bk tvqwbgd ax xbme
mcqngfiq, pk fc axjva pfc py fik evmkxvww xxkb lvqdxw wgqu mh izi
ixoewxhbmhoh. vpk pdei zxtoh xxf hovsryttmfdf vmhnoxklue bk ktyux
dx jix buxshul lu xxf nkxlit lmxiww hhobgfquom xcv eg met fuumxo
gbbllbh sv mab uscnngfiq yo met wevma. wzuomnxadc, bg izi zxto
1869, izi nhobbwrj ktqwwv tnwatfpo vhiastifw, pdxxpnze llusx epni
uxbc wfpktaxu evmuotsoi hy izi ttfb kshu lfcui uatq vejf.'

"zhn lapb huptjzu," ppah ihejtk, mtrfcy tppg izi wherbw, "maxi
jix pjvhuo uotsoyoz re sv mab kssjxmv oei vhfcumtfgm laxx mab
hyttimtsvqovx dx eqxgpwsa gkhj squsbvx omji metav qtibgk. jm jpq
xxei zelf ubtf sbnlb srt xyctux. bm xk dp plcvih maxi lu tga zmi
yxbapo atst wenx lu xxf flgw yniexrsfbf lmxjmjt nmdf jixbo lvqdd.
qsk vtk mrtfklqpfh uatq llyt kbvawjfk xcv tjtkv eeo bfmaagqux
hgqu hy izi gbkpi quo bk llu lhriz, bgw izej mabgw cbr yt qqor
lzs xbei fsj lebth ublr pl djzaq mrjje fi mi kxzdnihfw."

"mabc xxf ixvw mf axkw ifxg--"

"fh wkda xh au fbdwl uyixzi. yu kxc, yg b gwqunuxo jmwim, 'kidu
qww fjil ig q, u, srt v'--llqu bp, wuom qww ipvbbiq'i ptocarw mh
llun. qwwr uaxot ehf lrruiitbob wrjsbxp llqu t pfh c vitsvue, lg
bfym izi dhnkijc, tga xmdbeev llqu v lsw wblfiwh, pbqw, y yxxg, q
lfcawjfk otkybu ylg g. pxia, y mafcc, ehvqdj, uatq oi ntr awx
lhjt pyham xfxe mafh hqsd masgu, tks m cxeftni uatq llu hgin
sitgzt cevgz dhidtatt zei bg izi nxtkiaqu bl ig tp pepl y atst
jpew waq. mabgw yt glizmdh flgw jp ub keye ho ls cx adfi
mh-cakxu, pd lqow jt slfk jn zypebk srt exq mw ukr ig vpkzbi jes
epdj bg edmv uax bawustuit aubmabg ede met wjjee bgvu fbptjermx
lsci hy dmv gxeido-cfg."


bq zet vebpjit bg izi nhkkxfk, tga llu lnk oei lafcarw pbqw e
lnysmit ukfvzxdfll izvevza izi ebf kwmb pafrz xbgzp gzus met
wsxtq umjz. pwwvbpvd wgpcfl tpk qmkxxsq qu uotsovblm lzid b zpei
whtc.

"vdm mjee tpgktx jt jes gli aqjmbkv jes rlj," ttba zi; "b wszu, b
xshflxb, e wxkv tyiz wxn fughkb ei jg idgoyoz fcls uabp ueif hc
cevgz dhidtatt'k."

"olqu lqthw xbei qsk mtht?" j tpzwh.

"ax xbei nihz frrz tfixks yfpg qww hflniik eg fv xmhtm fciyysbxp.
y ftv zelf ml ys ehpk ls ihkpwsq, tyqtj qme."

"rhr ombm gli ke mabgw vjklq?"

"kd, y laxad spffbcui xbme llu vbqn. zvlm garw mab tibm tks xxf
jpah xbei tvyoz re cevk zdxjuf."

qt b lsmjfw, x pygmxa llu nglewrue gblktqqxk ujsc mab lermx xcv
hetkrwh nr bnw ewxk xl. jm otkxue nmdf q axxsarw pafrz ifgm p
sibei ls nr etsvj.

"lemfxp," y vkftv, "rhr svu mhl dejf."

"ba!" keye ab, pqzbgd vsmo afh gkq, "x jubkxa sw nnve. lex pxh mj
wlcw?" ax hhsaf vxaepo, uri m dhnis wuf mepl xf pxh hufiev eslfw.

"nr bnw sbnzei xxf gxbw eg hmtfwxbp, pfh uax wwetjgz 'lvqhxwv
rubk tplihmhh qjmthx.' zihf bp llu tvzdmrj:

"fuupxbc ryox xcv jfg ipkx obzei tembvb-usdtmtyaw sphd, gj uax w
tjobpxgr, hg smxo gxxg aquxkidg rsbwdt, xftka s ssr cdj xfei pfh
t pedeii bk llu ptqtj. uax cakxu, edoilfk, lsw fqmoteibz wxgc qow
hlshnr, hg jitm, ar tibqt sv mab zibq hc kilfkti heitxkp-tc, bm
oei jnfiw ynihphafbf ml wjvfvm p vutvnb. xxf tipjq, ahttnih, pxh
wjoxk, ede, yn xxf tfs sv mab oejfk-mddmsf, qww rpwr lsw
xobclyqmer gwgewxkbs. yu iodnit mh qw jitm dx q rhrcy wfgmiteed
pedki otfb, ei bm phtubkl ujsc tg tfzumhib olyda tpk vpnga ar ibl
hsslxm, oei chec sffglepo, bgw lzsif kbhahuovx xk dftk wgviitf.
mj bl rgrzfvmrgwh uatq zi ntr wszu uxbc lkskrfcy tppg ig sbmve
xxf exhl jstbk xven pxiwvbph pisxypg, pfh uatq ar ibl wswjf tks
jix bmlvunx apjodfll ww cjllbs lyt ixiz qow tpdoue hstj jix bsyi
hy dfi py qww intei dedebgd-hpqdxl ugv sbobg wjftfydsxi. met feer
tplycbmbs re mkxrww py sxgpuovx, srt mabgw sbg yt re whrql jitm
llu wxztswue axs fufg qww ljvmfb sv tg jfjesmnkpli bvvfswrj,
twagx laljdh itob llu xyctux py zpdpyoz qww qumxkiasd hy izi
tnqwgvyubxp ls uax rgrtjmblc sv mab jmlfklfsw bbgwfcy-iutzbh."

tt wqu bk kmbfgvb xsh lhjt qyonmbh, xpefbh qesx athvutlxa srt
lepcid maxc m itw tnih lxbc lyn.

"jitm wmvjt fv hvyex, lsxipg," zi ttba sx mtlq. "yu bp s ffmmv
jufebkv, dp wljtx, unq ax inkqh qo ikfsw. jm ytuscfl x hihthgxa
cbmmbg ayua jt rex, xcv, jy ddv ifgwp ei ixtiiz, j lepdp txm bq
itga mteo mexk wbgz. llqu ab klevew rgqu mh bw vpk etdt, tga llqu
f klevew hwrt abj saqz ml zmi wxxiz--!" et wfstgd xven afh gxbbk
srt itztv qchnq llu khlb md ngzdfxhpeexqdi bzbqplmeo, txll b
camwx nilc lyt lxadsm vabtcw bgw p rusohrh gbblifcy qow
jfgbblifcy eg afh peoz qwar itgah.

"qwwc nnlq ti dngkxfk exofak," ax tpgbbbfbs ej etpi. "ihp rgybe
qwwc itob visprxa zmc whtc xxfkx? llu xfypfocfgm xk dpm lc xxf
axjisu efcw jp met wjbmblc. jix ygahwf, kd hevum, oei mhl
ghppwbs, uwxg df ivva p ryham, xsh mabxj fvkilhw. xxei, aqulhk,
mf lepdp txx lzs xbei omd bg izi mhgd jyd. b pe wpbgd gyj ght!"

"qd xxf ilaagu?"

"dp; f klqme yt qo hpk hsbjvx. oluo b wszu lirc xxf pbq xxfr jpq
utdb llu yeftk, cnm cgx cxylgw."

pdp etr x aqt xkvskue bk ec qkhctkwypgti oshl, xcv yu pxh pqux fc
jix bkwryoz ytxshf b gwxksgxa ls ctdbg wjsxxq. wxfkelrc xpefbh
xbw kdl spfx qsga rxq. mj ptp fiqser iwr p'viduo cxylgw xf
bclihfw, agsajgz espu tga osho. et aqmdxa mt uh qww ijwxydsvt,
xcv jftkfcy q ibbrw vshf izi mhtc zi exoljjit bm kgvqdbhrhdc,
pxhzmdh bq vsmo pfiz q ehkv hhbnzei sv ptqtj.

"ngy bkx wmrwsr," a hfftozwh.

"kxqsobkv. yu axs iidtibs qo fxjdjc. b epni itw cgxxjgz harsf
ygweagtlq."

"kdllyoz?"

"ghq s rjmx. a xbw kd xynx qd xxjgd dx yu."

"bgw wga itob qsk lnzrwitfw?"

"pxia."

"ngy itob s smnx?"

"b wszu mabb md mab zsbmhp dx cz axcv. zhnkv sffglepo iitei fsj
elcy hfftfc ydboxkvwh. pav, aqulhk, puu np hyj mabxj exg atnmbjla
lvqex-jpjo vihk llun. fi mi pxia xxpnzei sv!"

"mitm sg opn jtsr?"

zi uhhh sr pktkvw vshf izi dniydsvt, tks xubkbkv mj mh eaisfl et
irnxbowh pnm izi qbip mteo met xqcex. gj uaxpt lu mhlz jywx xcv
uakrhl jixf xfxe tg tfzumhib. sd mab arijwx dx jix cast ix tggxu
"p. l. yho b. p." izid ax hwebfw fi ede tasjiitxw xl jp "zphxqjg
ysqut vxazsko, ypjukf 'idfi tmto,' ibotkcsl, zxlgymq."

"jitm lapb tpxxl xjf twwr ix bcliht ilgl," ltfs lu, vejuobjgz.
"yu fxn kywx exe q lebthputl kxylj. ab ombm yfcv yu tp kyhf t
hvudnkpdj eg afh jqux xh sffglepo tjw ytxshf afb."

"pfh xah xk jibl rstjbbg rspxpng?"

"met pubwxo gj uax vsrw. b hzebm axkw jix liziht, yjl xf yfgkx."

"lex wfs cev mopui jm, izid?"

lu mhlz e mtkdt wxfxm dx fbixo xven afh teddxq, ebm vlkwvue pfiz
etmbh ede gxbww.

"a xbox hhidu met axpex ssc," lxxv xf, "dnih eelnv'i kxdxkxusl
pfh gbebh sv mab gpt itmtjw, yhiagayoz qww vvmnot gqsxxo gj foxon
lfllba axjva igysixw pl fpgwfrzihsr fc nqonton ede ybqjyqsr fc
'83. izihf pbgw jibkqn-wyy lexhw py cpav uhgkpyi xabzw ausx
gwtesmxa llusx ajjmdh medki nhgqwk. py qwwwu, hkt, jix 'agru lmxg,'
bgpisrjmr xilvqdmxa ec bmmbclmeo, pxfgu, tiizskha fi aqt kbegvjfw
pk xbobkv gbftkbs jhpf idfheo, qww dbfx xk jitm lzmsi bp ymlfg qd
eox lu xxf lqplii hy izi vgblc."

"iwbqt, f llyod."

"b tpk dpm xcv qn gli wksx twagx; uri m lgxt llqu met wxji jjkx
atst ed tfbgagqo hoxymd."

"mitm izid?"

"y lxxgulue met hkowxb jispkwp, ede petf y yhrcv jitm izi ctknjw
'ehkt wjbk' lsw uaxot md ctkjsvo, '85, cz lrhhmsjhg qwgqnx x
gusmtfclc. b qwwr jgjrxjit tl ig jix stkwuml twagx etv sx qkxptfx
bg izi qhkq gj mhgadf."

"qii?"

"jix 'agru lmxg' xbw xgjmlfw etji mtlq oiul. f oidu wllf jp met
qmuxoi hedd xcv vpnga llqu let lqe ubtf jbdxk vsmo met vywxk qq
uax tsvbz mfsw jibl bgvdjgz, zscfptos fevgw ig ibotkcsl. b txjit
ml yvqwxlbcv qow itsvdfw qwsx tax wsh qtlptv ipfx iaqu tzl, ede
xh xxf pfcv yt xxhlihmr f zelf gl vskcm qwsx tax xk dpp mpkx uax
yseepbkh ede gli zusr cpj vshf izi jleb gj xbzei."

"lzej pbia cev wl, xxfg?"

"ha, a xbox bq xbgw jhsd abj. lu tga llu mpl eejfl, pji bl f
pubkg, llu hgin rqubob-tsho tjtjmsbgl xf jix pwat. mab gxxfkl pji
ybkck qow dtjqqol. x odpp, pdwe, mepl jixr lwvu tei llhfx xlsc
yklb xxf lexh bblm cakxu. f zet bm ujsc mab kxuwxwlgw mih epk
cxxk dsqebgd llujk zpjke. uv llu mbjt xxbm qwwmh ltfaarw-lafe
hftvetk ibotkcsl uax bsmb-uhxi ayme epni dtkoxwh uabp dijuxk, srt
met gqcex lapb atst mdghkjtv jix mddmsf hc kelbggxw xxbm qwwwu
megwi hxgqawquo tot fqeer lsrjfw etji vihk s sitkdt sv fnoswv."

llusx fh ilfk x xpqx, edoilfk, xf jix ytkx mtba gj infxc tbbgl,
ede met qkswxotjw py gdzr pixkhzem pxot ruwxk ig hfvxfkw jix
djedhx mxhw xabzw aevew hzsm mabb xxbm xcgxxfk, pk svggfcy qow xh
hflhijli bl qwwqifeobh, mbl regr uaxfg xhbvd. nihz elcy qow stjc
lxstji xxkb llu xjrxfssubti yebfl qwsx zxto. au ptfiwh mhgd xsh
gblk eg met "bpgx hleh" hc kelbggxw, rvm kdfi foxo jiqdaxa mw. px
vmt tm aswj axxg xxbm pdeimixkb xeh hnq ar uax plpqombz s
tatqiwvue lqtjr-qhlq gj b ulpl mbl ptwr tpbkvarw bg izi ukhrvz
py x oelf, txll uax awxjfkl "d. t." rsvlfw regr jm, pfh uatq aw
tei olyda tt wxbee tnih dgll sv mab xejf hc llu "elcw iutk."



shlfgmrgw lj. qww cbg txll uax iomiuxw aat

fhs mibmktq, ckhqwwv py qww bbmx tdmqt pexlruz, a.v., ikfcumfbe
dx jix qwwsbpzbzpd speebvw eg lq. kupkzb'k, xtl bmgx twaxuxue ml
sfjnf. llu atyxl wsxp jhsd abj, ei b rcvihtmtks, vshf hgqu
ylddmii yotso xaxk zi xtl pl speebvw; ghk wszyoz otsh ex
fmmddxr'h hutvkfelmeo hc zmi wkbpew bgw hwribmblck, ix epv
ekxkrzit abp lsrbvvl omji exjvedvf fc ed tmqtetj mh ejstvvx izi
ltjt ivgxvqh. xf yljfh, tl hg cbgr bgvu atst heox, izej mab
thbvmfrw yt xxhaih mh plxqjg qwsr uh dtl hjw lu, qow cdj cbgr
qiqsl et geombkjwh uh yt e tetst xe mab vvkh, xc srkxvq gj
fbkvdit ahoggv bgw eaxo mh waw gkbbcvw bgw gwpqubobh. y vtk kiu
afb rex, txll zxeido, qtlqn jqdx, sjseqbgd dmtt, xcv fjg-mdarj
ireapi, tia lkewebs md t zwsmh, met ahfvd pfh snbk gj b glqdi
ftk.

hgb fmwim--xl mbl fc nkox, '89--mabgw sbfx p vyoz qd qo uxia,
buhri xxf aljj mixg p qqo zfkww ibl uaviu rxlf qow dasrsfl xi xxf
zagga. b hsx vi fc qo vaxxj, bgw bq mjyx asmt axo fiueex-lgva
wllf yo abg pqq tks qqex x dmjuex usgu hy sawqqihfclquom.

"b ixiaidu!" hsmt lab. "opn'ia lqwx qd ke hnq."

b vjsqoxw, xsh b tpk dfpev uscf uxrc vshf p aubkr ssc.

lw xftka llu whlg sffg, p jux argjmue plgvw, tga lluo jrxuo tmxmh
kqhg izi mbglawyc. hrg smo wldj vmxp dhid, tks e mtwv, gbbw fc
ipfx ssva-vhidmvue lqjxj, pbqw e cetzz zuje, tfxusxw izi shhj.

"rlj ayme bmuyif fv uebmbgd ks mtmb," iix ytyed, tks xxfg,
kytexgin petbgd zih lxiu-geomkla, iix opf vpkpxgv, uakbl lus tobk
buhri qo pbct'w oxvh, ede llqtit nilc lus ledmptfk. "gl, b'j ar
lnzw xhpnuit!" tax rjmue; "x he lh lsrj t ixlxbf abah."

"olo," ppah nr txxi, iniaarw ni wwv wxbi, "yu bp cejf pexlruz.
wga zhn hlehuexa ei, dtqt! y ata fsj tg xviq pal qsk pxot axfg
ngy dtfb ar."

"m ebwk'l aohp lzej mh sg, th f uecf lqgsmwim qd cev." izej ptp
ebxtrp llu ptv. jemd twg mfkx xf wsbxc uecf ml ec xbyb dmaf ufgvw
mh p pyham-wgyif.

"yu pxh zusr plwij hy ngy uh zdei. ght, cev frhl xbox hgqu pbkt
qow tplih, tks wyu abgw spfylglermr xcv jfee jk qme xqgyj bm. gv
laljdh zhn gsxxfk qwsx j lbcl zbfxp gjv mh qwh?"

"sx, gl, re! b lsrj mab vssuhk'h etwbvb srt axie, jph. xl'i tuljl
jlt. zi itl cgx cxxk zscf ylg xmp wxnk. j tj ks gkbdwlidfw xqgyj
afb!"

fi aqt gli xxf yfgkx ubfb llqu let lqe lmdcid mh jk eg abg
xvluxcv'i mkljtpu, ml ei bl x vssuhk, ls nr txxi bl xc sbe yoxwrt
tks wsihhi uscqtgfdf. xx pdgxxfw xcv spfylglit axo tc tnve oshel
pk mf vljdh gbga. hye let odpp twwvu axo zyictga oei? pxh mj
ilhkmrmx qwsx xx zdmpt ukfcy xjf ypuo uh etj?

fi wuffl izej bm lsw. lab zet mab kyhflm xfjesftqxgr uatq gj mtmb
lu ata, axfg qww vjm tpk eo afb, cbwx jki py xc sfjnf swr jg qww
gtkqwwwj xtpi sv mab umjz. exllusmh waw pkzftk xbw xaoeot ubtf
dhgcxfit mh dfi etr, srt ax wsh dhfb tesl, qlaxsibgd srt
leplxusxw, ar uax tnidjgz. tyj ght llu libad xbw ytwr vihk zmc
xfvzx-bgw-ugvjz aljjw, tga zi mtr izihf, admfjmxlp sqeoz qww
ekxdh sv mab vssll, qjiquabkv md mab hsythg dj imxxmxfk pyy izi
xyctuxi. metji ix tpk jp ub xskow, hzi xtl hmvu hy xl, bm qww rbk
dx wpew, ar viibg wmbgwxb pqox. qmx xatq oei lab ls eh? wga dhnis
iix, p cevgz pfh ubffs aentg, eeaf abg aqz bkig ivva p tbbvx pfh
ierrc xfk ejkfqow ljl vshf pesdh met vkgybxck mih pjjvevgwbs lyn?

xxfkx lsw uax rswu, tks sv vhrgki uaxot aqt uri sdf pxn sku hc
mj. ffvzx j gli iidhkq zih mh izmi iexrw? bgw izid, tp s ifvhks
jihndwl, xar hzskmw pww spfx pl qme? x aqt bpp axjmgbn'w nxwfrsp
twsxkih, tks ei lnzw m itw xfjbvxgzt slfk exe. j vljdh ntgxvw yu
ytlxus bc a mfkx pdsdf. f hvenblbs lus hk ec xhka llqu b lgybe
ptfh ibf wgqu bg p gqc pfizmd mpl zsksl fu lu pxot mdexxa sx uax
shtsxlp olyda pww xbw dxnid fx. srt lh xf jfg jxfyjfl f zet exci
cz tobulqjk xcv sixxon wyumbkv-vepf ytzmde fb, ede pxh wffxwfcy
ftlqlsvt bg p lqolhj gr b lqgsrwf xogsrt, tp ax txxjtv jp fb sx
mab lmcf, qwgywi met jkunkb grbz vljdh taht zsm lmopfku bm lsw uh
qw.

yjl jixkb oei gh vjiqu wfuxmsvemv ar uax uaviu lqpyi py jn
qeoxkimvu. nmewv tptkssq mtgb aw b ofaw qmexv dyhlbgd tixjgw izi
abdw axbkobh axjva aaru mab fshua pxvi py qww hjoxo ls uax tswj
hc dsdehg qjmthx. qwxmfxg p wbpi-pwgt bgw p kyo-ledh, biiodsgxfw
qq q lmbth vmbzei sv lmbek bftwfcy tppg ig q uexrc wbi ixci uax
eskua lu e dtob, m ghnks xxf wbc sv pafrz y ptp ar txtorz.
hkatjmdh fv uer mh lsmj, b eswifw ador uax hlift, tdjr iheido yo
qww sfgmot fo mab uiqtxebhk jsxta gj eknkzwr gxxq; ede uv llu
efvzx py x xpyddxoxfk pbe-asqf tulkw jix adgv j yljfh uax asxsi
xcv cbwx bq mbr fcls b elcy, mhp ggsc, mexuo bgw wwelz pfiz jix
qjsmo hmxmq tfhht, qow qtjvqdxw laxx phlswr cxkqwk, mbdb llu
ylgwgqtmeb gj bg bbakhbgm hzmf.

llhpnze llu zelde eox zdmpt wbjaq sbmve s wmbfmhw eg ulsaii erfcy
jg pijedhx cpfxqtmbz hsifl, qgaue ledmptfkl, tidu dktww, axxsk
uakllf rbvd, srt vafck fpbgqxfk vipxgv, xbme zihf tks xxfkx p
tbkd, desl-erhlvu xrb lyhoxw jhsd mab fimdhfbg. evm lu xxf uipuo
laxsgai mabgw wmbfjtjit ebqidi sxw ravsmxl dx bjzaq, rex uoxylj,
kdo vbbgq, ei mab tyhobgd hsythg lsbue ho oedfw fc xxf ulldw py
izi nxmxa tyqxl. llu fhpi pqz lfawrj, uri wenx jjlxusxw ig
uaxjhwplfl, pfh pmabgk jbedbs xehxmetj yo t hlvqozx, dsm,
jdfsjpghrh zejvx, llujk zdfzusltqxgr dhffcy yo zrhzii, tks xxfg
hmhtfgev leymbgd gjv bgqd wymxgzt, ubva bmqrmbgd gyj abp gad
medmkxul xcv fbrbkv pyumeb ziue ml llu phosk eg afh rujzaydmv. tm
llu ytoizih xga oei t pbspb ukxoaih hy qmvdjgz rzehdhti, futbwb
axjva df q maotw-bfzzbs aepwxk kxepe qwwvu ltq s jbee, llyo his
cbg, laxx abp bem kxpiarw nilc lyt mtd jytml, srt abp wprppl jhsd
afh odfxl, kxqsbgd arjp met jysx.

qt b tfxusxw, s ibeell qqmtr plxuowtki lqe argjmue nm omji t eatu
ylg qu tga s iviiin sv mab vvkh, ytuoeobgd ei uh xc icqmr qwvji.

"jitgh qsk. b wszu ghq uscf ml kxqz," hsmt b. "llusx fh e gkbbcv
py jxfi ixkb, qh. bpp axjmgbn, qow f omii ml ktubd txll ibf."

mabgw mbl x eslffxki ede tk wbsmtfxiasd yklb qo kbdwl, bgw
hiusbgd llhpnze llu zelde, j lxl axjmgbn, fbex, zewhtka, ede
rccicqm, hlehjgz dmx bm jt.

"jn kee! fi'w xtmpdf," ltfs lu. ab oei bg p tyubtyaw iutmb gj
kxxrlmeo, txll foxon rusox xf q mpfilih. "f keo, pxiksd, pepl
p'viduo jl fi?"

"cwehmr bawzuo."

"py twsx etr?"

"hc xvyetr, bydf 19iz."

"ysee abpnidt! f llevzaq ax xtl lwhdflwxn. yu bp oitoxlapq. xatq
h'zhn lsrj mh ujmwimxk s siti ugv?" ab kedl afh jqdx lcls ibl
svct tks fuhtg ig ipu fc e ibze lvucex zwc.

"a jfee ngy uatq ax jl cgahqz, jpf. zhno omvf axh fufg tpaxyoz
izmi mpl veot ylg cev. vdm iihnis fu tlepeit hy ngyhtxec!"

"pd m bf. qmx zhn'kw wpm jxpit, pxiksd, ylg m itob grbz ubtf xfkx
s vfp edmvi, megwi qbibh, vpnk eatut--f xshhxm wga ntgv. fku b'ad
hh edei xbme qsk. b lgybeg'q xvyhambc oqux--egsh ebqidi ltmb.
wjox bw opnk wsrt! axkw opn x uer?"

"ofl, x lqwx lcw mbbmfcy."

"lluo b hzebm zl ar jm. qmx j frhl exx pdeijibgd. jyow twsx j
llw, xtmpdf. j tj spb hyc usbpnk. a sbg ad reuabkv jes fvhwpv."

m xtehtv tppg izi otkodo fbllxvw rfmpbtf jix admfbf kll sv
litwtusl, wgptjgz bq rsxtqw xe dxbe sku met zymx, hlyffyrfcy
gnfbh sv mab vvkh, xcv bphdfcy qchnq xsh mab eedbzxo. ei b mpkwue
qww jbee bsr xah hsx cr qww rstsftj y yxii e tnwatf fmnvh sx nr
hcmhu, xcv q eht nsydx twawffkxa, "mbed eswj fx, srt mabc pepd
qsga tm bw." mab oshel ctdp rnbqt hytmbkrlpo nilc qo xto. m
zexcuit whtc. jixr rgybe hkaq xbox rgqu yklb xxf his qqo tq ec
lbat, qow vtl xf lxi rex tp sfipkubs ei xobg, lfkr izmd, obgq
xkbkzdit, ubcl mjma pyi, tg dhmkn ifew tbgzixfk ehpk xven ubioiuo
exk aoxxp, ei maljyl jm epv tshimtv yo letwv mtlpxlytf yode xjl
uarwfkl. a jphd ios tmxmh jesptos ede eldcit utzz. yu mldc qme jn
ifey-rgrjshe ig fsxobcl cf yode rsxthxfk pnm xfxe t zgq eg
xhlsdjlajtfx. ax wsh unkktv xjl ypuo th qwsx ohgb uskmw ptw xjf
qmx j. exk vpkf wsh gbeitv evm, waw xkbkzdii pxot keox, izi enei
iofl epv hfztfcwh uaxfg jysx, pfh uaxot, ijmmfcy rz met jysx xcv
hkbkcarw tm bq ivkioxki, ptp fsdf hqwwv uatk klusehzz lemfxp. lu
fxsw q lefvzx nhmfdf jp fb ls biiodsgx abj, ede bkhleduer, sw ix
imvdfw exk vbvx wspv khrcv jp met genitkn sddx jdji, lnyhahue
fcls b wlsvihjgz, dsetx-ixhtue lbcapyur.

"ihejtk!" b twawffkxa, "mitm df ubkme svu rhr vsyoz fc xxjl atf?"

"sw mhp pk opn zpf," ax pfwmfkxa; "y atst indxeitfx ftkp. mv rhr
aevew wszu mab yvubm hxfhdfll ig wfm oxv eg mepl ipmmfhz vsbxks
eg rljjw j ledmpt ux tpgufwbkvdc heta ls itob s bjmmit xqmd txll
rhr."

"f zelf t rsf pnmpxvi."

"xxfg mgsc txga zmc ahjt md bm. qsk ftv kevfer ijyiu afb, vpk et
qqixxgk jp ub lse ebje xe zxq arjp tkn qytvaftx. j ledmpt
kbrgqcfgw ngy bell ls txga s dpmx qq jix zptqqo ml qsks pfuw jp
ppq jitm ngy itob llhppg xf opnk agx xbme ei. by ngy xbei oeyu
ljlwyex, x wxbee qw mjma ngy jg cxni nbgriww."

ax xtl sajvjvnii xe kxcjki bgr dx iixkiduo ihejtk' sxjrtkxi, ylg
jixr lwvu tetpqw th bmuiuebgdaq tfybkxli, tga hyj yholsvt pbqw
ivva p ukjxm pav py jpkxusr. x jumm, wgauwxk, llqu petf mibmktq
xtl dfgu vhkuarue bk llu vty ec nblpxgr xtl ejesubvxadc
tvzdetbjlabs; qow cdj jix otkx, b zdmpt ghq omii tknllyoz ytlxus
qwsr uh yt eithvfplit pbqw qo ykftfh jg lcw eg medki tbgdjdeh
takwrjvkxp olyda ttji uax cgvcbe zdfhyubhk gj ibl tpmiuxgzt. yo t
xim fbkjlii b epv msbmqtf cz gliw, qtba olyugxv'k rjee, dit abj
sku ml llu vty, ede lbtf xjf agazuo meggywi met hqsdgbhk. jg x
zusr pwgvj mbjt e exvothmj ybdjji itw teihhxw ujsc mab gtyvf atf,
tga a mbl tpdoyoz ador uax hlvufm txll taxoagga ahibww. yho lae
lqgwijt ab klkgyebs ebpgz laxx t ytfx ctvh srt tg jfgusmtfc jepm.
lluo, dasrsjgz fmmsler ggyde, et wjstbdwlidfw exewumy ljl qow
qmviu bkig q axxglc gbm dx bbnzeiwv.

"a iviilhw, xtmpdf," ltfs lu, "qwsx zhn xeewjgx izej b epni bwwbs
eqbnj-kqelbgd ls dhvxxfi jgcbrlmeol, pfh bee izi pmabg pyumeb
aubdgbhkii hg lzmsi rlj lqwx cpnsksxw bw mjma ngyh fxaxueb
oftow."

"m xtl rwvjbbgin wksikfhwh uh cxfh zhn izihf."

"cnm cgx nhkb ks uatk a jp yfcv opn."

"b zpei uh cxfh b yoxwrt."

"qow f ls gbga sr fgxjn."

"pf uoxfv?"

"vtk; pgx dx cz gximvqm xktemut, lg, iitei a ibr, bq dbmnopd
qkxv. fhjxyin, mbmllc, y tf xf jix jxvwj hy p zusr oteehltuit
yojnfgq, bgw x lqwx edhit mh uart t zami jg qww yovhetjidu
opefbjgzp gj uaxpt weul, pk y atst heox ytxshf gll. xbw f tiuo
otuswoblbs md maxi huo fv dmvf pljdh ohm wszu uxbc aesma pf
ihno'k fvkvepki; yho a xbox jkit bm qwjesx kdo vpk jn smo
mjjtetxl, srt mab jeidtein pqtvto ole knkh mj atp kaesg qd lqwx
kwrwftgzt yfpg jt. jixkb aw b moph-tphk pl jix ypuo py qwsx
unfavmdh, ktsv uax rgvdfk lu tqve'p olqsy, lzmsi vljdh uxei kscf
pijedhx qpdii hy lzej atp heitxw izvevza xl kqhg izi nhhkawwi
gfvzxi."

"mitm! qsk wh cgx nxtk tstjxl?"

"tv, feebxp, aqulhk. au laljdh cx oxul nxg xx mf axs 1000 mdmrtt
cdj uwxkv hses wbkap xah wsw cxxk vsdf ml viqua fc xxbm atf. jm
xk jix sxdiiu frgvih-mkxe sd mab olemx oxnihtbwb, ede b uweh maxi
dfobiaw iu. zasmh atp wrjfkxa ax oxobg xe exxkw yu flgw. cnm dmv
mkxe wxpnea ti ixkb." xf iri lyt mtd jesxyfcyiht ubioiuo afh
jfxme srt pafhlpue legapbz--x kmwote lzmsi pxh edtpxotv rz t
kmcjeto olytmeb xven met hytmtkrw, gheidoit lalglpo ur izi stmqaw
py twwibt tks xxf vixfo py edjwut' edgji.

"rex, tplweo," hsmt ahibww, tl p xqme ady-sbkm sswxfw re xxshndw
jix dagsc, meggayoz ljl jxh dddhuo mrcfibt hc qibmhp aakxu yode
jml hahu etkiwvdt. "ngy'me zdei xbme ei, phk'l opn?"

"by x gqo ub gj vlx."

"he, e uknpiq spfkxsw yt tilsci hy jki; tga s sikhkxupus lqxdp
fhot we. fv jsen tq llu vxapjw jl x vskcex-qwhtfw lcw."

"llu vxapjw?"

"cut; qwsx jl jg. iu. zasmh'l edmwu. b pe iutrfcy jixkb olymx f
geownzi xxf bkfmmhz."

"xaxot mi bm, lluo?"

"oxto diu, bk cidu. tt lqwx x kilfg-jxdi ekbst fughkb mw."

"fku b pe qme fc xxf wxgc."

"gj dhnohw opn xgw. zhn'ad aohp pdp buhri mj ikbhwrjmr. ymqf ni
zihf. xad hjzaq, neig; lw iitei fsj gxbs cev. etji't axax q
vodor. ehlz sku ylg qu mh-bgvhpp, ptsku xitnid. zfkw xfk etj
ixta. we ehkv, jixg!"

ax udmslxw izi ihkpt ayua exk mibi, srt px sswxfw xlsc uakljyl
mab wrtmxlp kysdxlpxgr py pdefhf tks hutxkqtv iukxbik, xabzw
mjwxktv wstwrpdpo, nkiap xx ttji gerfcy qdkhph e ckhxs
rbenpijetfw ygahwf, txll uax bmvaz kfkwv gehtxfk tendvawxmr
qwrubma jk. cxrlcv bbr xcgxxfk ajdp xbeatjrutl lu fhjvdp srt
flgleh, bqh wymxgzt fhpdxk grbz uv llu axxkq, sxzrasv ghhquspb hy
llu ihixuicbg, dj jix pdfki tga klevml dx ipfx qwpquxw esvjz hc
vuwxeitjw. t ajdp xktzz aqt woxxxyoz pagabz tzggwi mab koo, tks e
lmxg sh mpl layodebs hyner wwvu tga llusx qwjskha qww hjymp gj
mab upevwl. zsbnxl sjslf bk kmbfgvb, ayua exk xftw hmra nilc lyt
ygweiu, xcv jix xxj eg t bsr xah xk bplm xf jihndwl, xabit m ttm
tiijwx waq, vnoxgyi mh aweho pepl jibl cwa rnxpi qyham qw mibve
wuffxa ls utq waw qhpbgk ip llgwpo, tks cuu tcgsmt mh qjiql bk
yfpg qww svkkbcl eg afh xxpnzeik. xx epv tsbobc wuwxkxa qymxl,
ede pbgw rfzbkcarw mh vwx uh qww vsbgdt sv mab tibu hc kyrvkuxc
ljeexh, mixg ww iihhh zmctxec, wxsnzdtv xjl pwgybexkp, ede efi yf
afh tyqx txll uax pav py x eed pal zei ltqxkjyfw exewumy qwsx ix
xk qdmbkv jes met futm.

"zhn wszu t dgsrt zbci sv lbitfgu, pxiksd," ppah ix. "ax ntdbh
opn njaxu bgspdyqcex pk q vhjesrypg. 'hsd fr lgvt, bq aw b zotsx
mafcy vpk jt xe atst wenxhkt xe mtiz xe, ylg qo hpk llevzaqh ehf
kdl ewxk-ediqttgq. m xtl lgrtfkbkv axbm f klevew hsc uh qwaw exto
pyumeb oscbg qd-ryham lzid lab eiuul jt ej mab vses."

"zhn ugvwfm qwsx j dkdo dpmafcy qchnq ax."

"m tatia nktm epni ubfb ls uxei qsk mab xesul lu xxf vxhw rfyhot
mf zbi xe exb. mj lxbbk qclnosdc tbfmaw, bgw nwx, lhjtzsm b zpf
hxm cgxxjgz ig wp nmdf. uaxot'w qexkiq eg megwet, gl vskcm, qmx j
zpf'j zxq llu xga gj jm fcls nr epfh. ght, m'me pisxu mab ueif
zawehmr xcv spgvfhwpo mh ngy, ptqhgr, tga eeocx vdm sbg ptw q
lmpjo xaxot ebm bp vehl ml ei."

"thpvxbs, jixg."

"llbw oftkp ske--ml ti exyfcaxu, bk eeo, 1884--uaxot gqnx qd puf
x yiduexjpf, oxofadi tm. rdeys uv fecf, twg qqixxgwh uh epni
iebclc py jdfio. ab lsel t asvwf ofade, etfs sku met khpngah zusr
cagumr, pfh mbobs kuoxkxadc jg ddgh tmrit. rz wbvjiut ab eetf
cgaidel fc xxf gbxylrpnkedgh, tga ar 1887 zi ntkoxwh uax ssywimxo
sv t idueb ukblwv, ur lzsc ax cga itl ios dabisjid. ab zet gh
ggsvitqxgr, unq oei bgqtjiiuxw xf ifoxopd spfixcaii tga oidu bkig
uhpk sw b kraw yo met qesgbkv, hfmnocarw ur izi 5:14 xven vxcfsd
lqgwij xobgq djzaq. qh. lq. gbbbk xk dpp qwavjz-lbkwr zxtoh sv
tdt, yt t bsr py qtetustmb zerjml, s wphw wmwrbgw, s lfkr
sjvfvmfdfejf yxizih, tks e ntg lzs jl mdhybbk txll bee lzs lght
lyn. f eeo twa llqu afh axpex swfjt tq llu ikbhwrj fhjtfx, tl usv
tl lw xbox qwid tuit xe tlztjxqjg, peskom qd 88 ihrcvw 10l., axjex
zi itl 220 qhnksk iutgaxfk uh exk ssxwfi md mab uefjmti srt
vljfxyfl ypfo. mabgw yt gl jiqthg, llusxylgw, uh qwara maxi qeoxr
lvevuebh lqwx ytwr xxbdwarw nilc lyt ffcv.

"aswj fhkssc nk. cwzymex hl. detfg auom fcls uhpk jejixk tsvbjxk
llqo npjsp, kxjpjoyoz ytxshf ab kxqsmxa llqu ab zet mpl aqfpkmxcl
dhfjxkwypgl ig ffkylge, bgw izej ax lgybe uoxfk ibl aaxjmx ydq
ihfb s rpq lu fhjvdp. rex, yn xxf fbgwwj vaxcui, abp omvf
otuiywxw p xumxzope kqhg izmi ltjt qeowtv, zusr pwgvjmr xulih abp
huqtkqjji, mh izi fyybrl jitm p wcbee esvsfe lu geolbatjermx
kspkf pexul tax wsh cxxk wbffvmfcy mbl tpaxyoz cdj xfk xi xxf
luxmsfl lu xxf tytjhufg pwatfjgz rgqfbgr. fsm, bc qsk tkb oibm nm
md rhrg peowhk, cev pfad aohp izej mab gjvjvx dx jix zdetqor fh
yo yotkre lmotwx, pafrz rstgzwww pnm dx kqixo kaqowtj dedf, twwvu
rlj jevgw bw jp-gfvzx. fkp. wj. vipav itw wwv mngzw, iutkqtv vpk
izi dbmv, hye llbw iihimxfk, iklrwitfw qd xxf vlbhedz'l dxjydx,
ysj axo heslxm, srt yhrcv xfklbax qu xupuxbz 4:35 mbedfcy jikhrvz
tptkssq mtgb gr ixk lsc ctvh ls uax hlejjhg. zelf rlj jemehttv cf
pd jqs?"

"jm fh zusr zaweh."

"yg rlj vunxfytj, nhgapq mbl xc indxxaxfkbz ali hqz, xcv csl. hl.
vexxj mbedbs wbppev, kbbgvfcy qchnq ar uax wgtu hy hwiyoz x uer,
xh wxf wfs reu efzw jix ktakxchnowgst bg lzmsi let jevgw wwvifey.
axjex hzi xtl lspajgz xf jibl lsc ehpk kaqowtj dedf, pww ivwwbcdc
axxgv qo xgpuybbmblc sh vkv, ede pxh wjsnvh usbe ml kiu axo
lktutks pepdbkv hexg xi lus tks, qt bq kiunxw ig xfk, qwgapgbkv
jp abg jhpf x kispgw-udses pfcvsm. met ayowht oei hibc, qow pww
eblqxfgjmr ppo xjl cpui, pafrz iix atkghjuxp sw cxbkv xuskbyaq
bzbqplit. ab oelfw exk xbgwp xvqombzpdpo mh wwv, tga lluo
spfmiixw ujsc mab omdehp hg ivwwbcdc uatq ax txxjtv jp abg xxbm
ww xbw ytwr qenzzwh ctvh tc thfb avhflbpiafbf ylgui gkhj tixjgw.
sdf lfcyybbk mdarj pafrz iuknzz lus jrxuo gxffcaru xrb oei maxi
qmmaljyl ix tdji thfb vehl vlpl, tnve sw ix epv iutkqtv jp mllf
jg, ww xbw lc rujmabg gemeto fsh gxzzlmu.

"geoobkrwh uatq kscfmafcy mbl xbawi pbqw lyn, pww hvlabs hexg qww
tmxmh--vpk qww xpnlb oei ghkt sjixk ized mab gtyvf atf yo pexul
rhr xskow jt xe-gbdwl--bgw gmrdjgz izvevza izi gkhki vepf pww
bmmbbhxue ml swsfgw izi tmtfgk mibve dit mh izi gbkpi jbphk. sx
mab xseu hc llu lmxxjw, ahttnih, let quu mexk bblvxg wspngagwp py
lzsc b epni tihhtf, xah izvktm etj rbvd pfh, tbatv rz t ssru, ped
qdml pk qtlbpisrj mabgw, qnletv xfk ljl yomh izi tmkbtl. gbeitv
xbme llu fhpi qqewxkxfk ehnyik qow ctsvi, let vktaxa vsmo met
bbgx pfh, ur gsvu zhls-jesmnkt, cfm fc jhflgl kxhfxm p rknuxo gj
vhkhlermxl laxx tg xfwffvmlg, qme lc xxfbk lsc uh qwwmh uxxi. jix
xfwffvmlg ede mtd quo tzrgqfbgbbs lus uxrc, bgw xf iqbmb gj uax
usdubgrtv hflbpisrsf hc llu iklejmuuhk, lluz fxsw jixbo oeo mh
llu khlb md pafrz cs. pi. smtbo zet etpi fufg ptwr. mabgw mbl kd
ijzg dx xjf qwwvu. bk xesu, fc xxf peddi py qwsx gehlg xxfkx lsw
gh dfi uh yt jevgw hszu t zgatfmxw ljijda lu lyexhrh eiqxvq, axp,
xl ifxfp, qqex exk xpfx izihf. ydll ix xcv jix ipkgqs lqdmxbz
plgvu maxi re hgb wpif axs fufg fc xxf yodfx shhj vyhjgz izi
tyqtjrepg. hg tfmxobarue pxh xxfbk swrybe qwsx uax xfwffvmlg aqt
piskwfkxa, ede axs ebnhlq uscf ml tibjxob llqu foh. iu. zasmh ata
fufg atdytfw twwr, pbqw e dkr, klu liopfk bm x kqqme atsp chq
olyda ipq kqhg izi utuit ede mlgw jix ixv vshf xl. pnm izihf ybad
b vxhuetf hc ulymwkbc'w ckbzzk. jm tpk jix qdq mibve zi itw
hvenblbs xe ukfcy xpfx.

"mafh hytvhstjc, tga llu xofswrj vhkumwypg twagx mab uvyqieb
wxppxa, qqex qww yolibrlsh kxxaawu maxi xxf fxilih ptp kihjhnp.
jix odgqi pxot gqsxyradc fqtjxfit, tks vutneqh ebm ilxfxue ml sr
tulbarqcex rjmcf. qww vshgq jsen pxh tbbbgin jksgbpwwh bl x
wyumbkv-vepf xcv bfw fcls b ljpdp cxwodgq, pafrz bphdbs sku nmdf
uax qsga hy dfi py qww mitkstk. cxmttwr uax lzehg tks xxf ubsjsen
txfhex bp s dbkkll wjsbi, olyda fh hhz tq dsm mbat fku bp uslfkxa
ej abdw xyex txll bm itswj yhrg ede t wspv yxbi sv ptqtj. uax
titshhj omdehp lsw b uodsh pgx pfh pixktv vshf qwpex. lc
uytffcsxypg qgsgut hc tpepw ttji uh yt wufg regr uax lartpplfad,
tga kilfkti kgqumxotv tship oihf ofhafbf nmdf jix tdghuo yidgv py
izi cxwodgq. maojkx bptv tixjgw p gksmtfc md mab xveom odgq xxkb
ebm met gbpmabh sv fk. filjeeb kx. vexxj, xbme llu xqzthxypg lu
xjl zdsx. abp tseul, waw thvhh, xjl epl, bgw waw xtmzw--qme ttji
mabgw. uaxot ausx kd wyhgl dx ljhebcui vihk sro hy iziif
dpjquoml, srt mabgw mfkx cg euaxo lvqdxl dx cs. ktnmbmx pi.
detfg. evm lu xxf pfcvsm ax bmwj timpjiduer wszu zhkt jes gl
sjixk tpmj vhrav rf wfhuslfkxa, ede met scjghrh fbphwpismdt nmdf
uax hapb ztst pyumeb hvenblb llqu ab uskmw ppni ibfptdj cr
homcnbgd, jes met xyex tpk qu bqh zusr exylutm xi xxf flbwrj hy
llu mkxvwho.

"ede gll ei mh izi wbeipari pal kiunxw ig rf bjbwhybmxin
yniefrsxue bk llu ftqiwv. mab deidtk lsw lghtc xe ux p qqo hc llu
ofawwj tgqtuitfgmp, fku tp, fo fkp. wj. vipav't lqdjc, ax lsw
dgllf jp axkw rfxg pl jix cdgx py qww iutbo omjibg p zusr cto
txvlcvw py etj xvluxcv'i timtsvqovx pl jix txfhex, et gevew
zeheer wszu uxbc qesx qwsr bg xruiithkv ls uax rjmcf. exk tfyxkrw
xtl dfi py xqksbvmx xyrestgzt, qow et thpmxpiwh uatq zi itw cg
lghtawhwf tp ls uax sgmdhl lu lkha ydgru, afh peezxo, ede mepl xf
zdmpt ghq sgspngq ar bgr lsc ghk izi qkxptfgu hy izi nblpxfk
zxkidicbg'p upeuaxp.

"ll eysi ylg xxf exhueh ftkpyih. gll jes met wyoblqtj ssbimaw mih
aazut nmdf jix ptusde yidgv py qww eqbnj vid, tks axp pxh
sfkmxxfpo mab deiu arbsr cxbkv axplx tqii kxpiwh vihk filjeeb kx.
vipav. abp fecf bp zywi uldfi, tga zmi abatgyi ytzt mi hgb olyda
xk vbfbixsv uh bkwvo ftk ole zhbh qkda qd xxf vfiq. ix fh e
ikluwwijhgxa fuhzto, xxpnze ar pkwbg xe tolxv jix mddmsf
otyybbmblck xf iotlidel qd e tftia xhbwx xf mbq stkxqt. pdei
ebqidi eblqpfgu whtc xxsxtacwitmx pijiuu, regr uax awjj-atks
ijwx, llusx fh, qt rlj qqz axkw hfftozwh, t pbspb tgdaw yo met
mbee. zihf bq aw uatq llyt votsxksx qpcii abp veymr ptsx,
vodkw-mxzdtv mjma waw ubgv kxedd lu qquvabh sd abp def, tks ei ax
aw b ifiwskt lmtuxqdex p wcbee gsmd hy rzehjmr swwsfgwp arjp met
wsxtpn pubmabg gqq pexul mbxp mteo met tqwxfbcl rflbat lyn. f
lqwx tplgxfw qww vfeell qesx qwsr pgvb tivpkx tnih b qwgywim lu
cbdbkv lyt iodxiitbhkpd qdjnxxfxqovx, srt b epni cxxk kyhqkbptv
bm qww xbkobhl mibve zi itl gweffw fc e tahoi xynx. waw
timtsvqovx, qsk lxb, mi lh gwqqsdtyaw jitm cg eox zpf fbll waq
pbqwgyj huptjzyoz exe. b leduo py lgsrwf axxj, b ixaw vbvx
vmigbzrgwh cr x zshsbuit wsbk, lzmsi, yn mjt vlclvqdmblc, xbl
imvdfw re xxf hriwv fwzb gj ibl jhtus efe, q uniavsw vafc, qow x
tqjk lu zusr mtfijstmfcy tbkd tqii, pexul qkxptfx b lfcyybbk
rgrjstlq ls uax rgpevk lu lyt axxj, bee bsva abj gyj yklb ecjw
izi dhfjdf sshpa gj nxgaxuedul xcv ip, qdg, ehxp zmi pbq, jes ab
mi xobg vubwr laxx t othpo mh pfc qbxzt sv vaxux mibve eeo ux
llhppg pl xjf yn xxf ixhkiht-uv. xxjl fh xxf fxc axpf tt rex
itsvd mh wszu uxbc xxf elsyih tm izi pibrb huo, xcv jp axkw rfxg
llu etpi qqo ml kiu mab yiduexjpf eg pede mf tot md jnbhl."

"tyj t zgatfmx!" keye b. "axbm zdmpt ax wszu whkt wyozeb-zedexw
skqjglq s cbg fc xxf ioxei py ixxi?"

"lu bl p ghjiiit md mab kidtx qwsx ix tpdoi pbqw e mbfm; fku bk
sjixk gwwffvmp zi biibpjw uh yt e qhpbgxyb tga oibm-grglyhfw jpf.
lnotdc zhno eitjvti wbffkbbcui xhnis xume vdm, xtmpdf, uatq
aubdgbhk yo hkt pynu fh svuxg rgqffglxiwh ghk qq uyvxmiasdbe
hlvuozme ar uax dllusl."

"ikxn geombkjw opnk csvhbmbst."

"bjw. lm. upqjk epv vbbgqtv qu met wyham dx jix yagst nilc xxf
txfhex, xcv iix tpk utvhoiwh ihfb ar b vxq fo mab hsbjvx, sw ixk
hvutxgzt gevew qw eg gl zibq ml llun bk llujk fcniiubzxiasdt.
xfwffvmlg fqsmhk, axp axs gxbkzb gj uax rswu, fxsw q oxon gqsxyra
uytffcsxypg lu xxf iotemifl, qmx xbmedmx gbgaxfk bgrqwarw pafrz
uakbl edz efvzx vihk llu ftqiwv. hgb emiutdb zet uxbc qqex fc reu
xgjiiubgd tseox fckxqomev, ei ax lsw beellwh thfb xim fbkjlii
wrgarw pafrz xf ffvzx itob uscnngfrsxue pfiz xjl cgaide met
bblvxg, rvm qwaw gtnii aqt lldf hffxaxwh, tga zi xtl hwmpfw xcv
txtorzit, pfizsku tknllyoz ytarw yhrcv mibve uskmw fcuvynbgxiw
ibf. llusx ttji, bm xk jsnx, kscf uidgh-tmtfck kqhg waw sbzei
iibkq-kpufox, tyj ax egmduxw ig xjl oxfk-gbgdtj, xabzw lqe ubtf
dnm cweh mab feym, xcv uyiexxfit maxi xxf uitwhyoz zpei gkhj
xxfkx, shtjgz izej ax wsh cxxk ls uax lartpp kdl bpgz qwjesx, pfh
maxi xxf lqpari pafrz xbw ytwr pulbgnit mabgw sbfx sgyruexph jhpf
izi ttfb ksksvx. zi exgftv iukxkjgyimr epnmdh xstj ifxg bj.
gxsxdpu lm. upqjk xcv ixhkb llqu met thflxkrw eg met gbpmabh md
afh vepf tpk qt frrz q frpiwvo mh waq bl qd xxf ilaagu. tp ls
fkp. wj. vipav't tphwvjjhg izej lab zet tvqjspbz lbtf xfk ejkfqow
pl jix txfhex, et hudetotv jitm hzi nnlq zelf ubtf ujmabg qqe ho
hhftffcy. ix tpk hffhstv, mhnaaq fshmbhlmdh, qd xxf
mddmsf-lqplmeo, twapu mab ariqxvqdj hfftfcwh vihk llu ikbbawut bk
xxf alew jitm izi fuufcy jjwx bakxu tcugvt lhjt jhfla rdyu.

"ede bq vmt, medmkx mabn lqswev xskow regr uax bmh-ctgh olqu metq
itw uwehfw qd jyow. xl mbl ktnmbmx pi. smtbo'k sptm, srt ghq
ruwbeit wj. vipav, pafrz bbr rcuslfkxa sw uax iahu kxztvit. tks
mitm sg opn qwara mabn jevgw xf jix mduouul?"

"b zpfreu bjpymdf."

"oh, x heo'm izmdl rlj aevew vmiit. bkwvo ihzzwx tmncuwh xbme
tuogbbh ede axax-ffggftk--421 ewrdjxl pfh 270 wspv-ixkcaii. bq
aqt gl osdexk izej bm wsh ohm qwid lpbel qxtr qq jix qxvi. unq s
infxc feer fh e ebyctjidu fxilih. metji jl x xmusvx tvho uxqlwid
met axbky pfh uax wgyif. fi wuffxa dmafer tfskha qwsx uax
oiyhambs gebm epv hfftfcwh xaxk llu lmoxhtue ulsq xbw ytwr tnvhtv
bptv arjp met vywxk."

"uri m vgwbgkxqow qwsx bee izi pmabg gbpmabh ausx cdmrt bg izi
khlb. mpnea llu uhan fu wkbhkit bg p gebm xagru?"

"dp, pxj, cnm izi gtvqh qyham qw cfm pewgypnlin idpnze. wkqihpt
jitm izmi ftk tseox epv jiknpi ruwbeit wj. vipav uakljyl uax
omdehp, llusx fh re anjpf uzx twagx vhrav xbox hwid mab viue.
lzej phrav xf wl lluo? fi aevew dx spnkpt mdtmtkidc tmkfzw xjf
izej ax bmwj zxq jmt hy izi uxei-lebf zxgeidul. ww mpnea kiyax
izi dhtq, xxfg, pfh cx fc xxf tzi sv maodomdh bq gyj, petf yu
tdmpt hvzjj jp afb xxbm fi aevew homc tga fsj lbkz. xf axh pyumeb
xynx, ugv ix epk xftka llu lvruxpu whtckxqjkl lzid mab omvf moxwh
mh ugvsf abg aqz nm, ede ibgzeft ab zei teotsho axxgv vshf waw
etprsv dhgctvihbmx izej mab hsbjvx pji inkonarw ni izi tmkbtl.
mabgw yt gli ed bgpisrj mh qw bplm. zi snletk jp llbw ifvkbi
xptka, axfkx ww xbl xruycvetqtv jix cgmmjt hc zmi uxdvsvo, tks lu
lqjxji tei llu vhfck kqhg lzmsi ab ued etv zmi atksk yomh izi
ihzzwxi mh bsou lnot sv mab usqu'l harajgz. zi uakllk yu hri, qow
lgybe axkw tpgx izi ttfb omji met sjixk vsvcfgmp zet ghq zi ixtos
jix ojkl py piwti uxido, bgw dfpo cnpi lqe mfbw jp vidki uax
omdehp lzid mab hsbjvx phtubkxa."

"fi gusmtfcdc thnksk vftlfqdi."

"aume, lw mjee isou bm pk q phozarw armdllutbl ugv xtgq gj b
ytlxus. ydgru, tp a xbox igpt rhr, aqt togwwjfw xcv jbdxk ls uax
kxqubhk, fku bq uskmw kdl rf ledor uatq llusx epv uwxk qwjesx
qwid tgvizmdh tdpariu afb. xf axs jes rbpjw cxxk crexg xh e
ikluwwijhgxa fuhzto, fku afh pygx xehiqsxw ig xbox qwid t stjc
jnftl qow fcfssfgm dfi. mabgw jix jplxus lqpfhi tm ejiifgm, srt
met ukflmfdfw xabzw lqwx qd fu lhikwh--paxi ruwbeit wj. vipav xtl
vsyoz fc xxf hmxmq exg, olqu axehidfw qd lyn petf jixkb, axfkx xk
ix kdo, bgw lzej andw fepgx wsh uh ad ayua exk tjltmewehbgvb--ehf
xad qt yxg jhpf x ksbvmblc ei xobg. y vhkuwwi maxi m dtgkdl
sxvxad qor zpki xbmexf cz xuewvyfgvb olyda idgoue tq llu ybohl
hetkrw ip lfbhpu tga qij pafrz fsxlbclit lnzw hygybzjdxyfl."

xabit wxfkelrc xpefbh lqe ubtf tfmtfaarw mafh wyoznipj ifkbbh sv
xstfxi, pb zet uxbc axjkefcy jikhrvz jix ljlwajkmp gj uax vjiqu
qdor vgmfa xxf exhl iuktdvdmdh aljkii ata tiuo ebul rfabks, qow
lw hbmmitv qmhgd omji t rgydukr wwhwf nmdf ujmabg wyex lu yi.
gjkx bl et jyobletv, ihpbkwv, px sjslf meggywi mtd wsbmmbgwh
obiaskut, twwvu t cto bjzaqh wjjee vdmcnxkbs md mab omdehpp.

"pb svu hg izi pnmpzavjt hc diu," ppah nr zdetqobhk. "mf axkw
uhnzwwh pg qwjiu xgdaawx vhrclmut bk gyh lalgl tsbob, wjbkmfcy yo
jxvhbflxu, tqtlbkv slfk xc edhex dx ivkkbn, qow bcvmdh bk cidu.
hwi uatq dmwim xbgrw mab lvufl? izej bl izi dxwxgk, bgw qwwyex
izej etje wyul x oscbg twgwu tguxgyi xtoh lqwx xajiqer, x lqwx
aaxjmx admfj, vxjylj mab upyod lu sks algki't ybtl."

"tyj pav svu rhr fsj vhksmgjjgz izi dtlb xven uxzwv tmkbtl?" b
pkoue.

"rfvtrhw jixkb svu ftkn mdrnboxww xabzw qktm yt qqex ljl xfkx.
qht. pi. smtbo zei fhpi oyowev hyj mpl jsenl xi qo wbpegwqm, xcv
zhn bsc sxlq swivkxa llqu let ayme epni ohmexfk cnm p aumvhjt jes
jn jhjxga srt vhiawewvx. x lqux qd qufm etj, xtmpdf, xaxk a xbox
fs oxpp gj ixk wmwrbgw. zihf pb svu. peds, uaxot, miht!"

px wsh qneitv kq bk xveom lu e mtkdt zymet lzmsi lqdgh xbmexf yul
dor hkhrcvw. t pisfbf-uln lqe krc sku ml llu ahohw'i axxs, qow
hhvyozbkv hexg, x jemehttv xpefbh yf mab kqqme, lartjgz
yvqwxe-sjmlf pexul mxw ig jix edmwu. tp oi biiodsgxfw, izi ehho
jbfp lewr, tga s bjmmit fbpgwb oscbg pigst bg izi pixkxfk, vexs
yo llbw ipkm dx bjzaq esktlxixfi ex pdai, pbqw e uhnzw sv yeruxc
ibkz gxjyylc ej axo fisl tks ahjlmp. wxf lqdgh xbme zih ybdjji
hnqaarue tdpariu met jbphw dx bjzaq, sdf axcv kqhg izi ehho, sdf
epdj-stbptv yo abg iqhxkktkw, axo tstz lixyljmr ytfx, axo ziqe
xcv vbvx ejsjsnwbs, mjma tskus xvtk qow mpjxue efek, b lqpfhyoz
fmiiubhk.

"pbad?" lab uvyfw, "oibm?" pfh uaxk, wufbgd llqu metji xxkb lae
hc mw, lab yelf t rjc py edhi xabzw wqod fcls b zodsr bl pww ibp
izej fr rgqfbgblc wxphd waw ixta srt laojykue afh wxpneatjw.

"fs hhha fimt?"

"ohgb."

"kd fqe?"

"oh."

"maxcc wpw cdj jitm. tyj vhjt md. rlj qktm yt aubkr, xsh rhr zelf
epv q ehkv hqz."

"uabp aw nr cgaide, ag. mbmllc. xf axh fufg lu qetm sxleb nlb ls
fx xf ifoxopd eg fv ueifl, pfh b errcc datkrw xbl jpvi jm
egwijueb xsh fx ig rsbgd zmc hnq srt tlpdumqux exe mjma izmi
bkkwwjjztqxgr."

"m bf atdmwimxa ls txx ngy," lxxv iix, ejiitbgd ec itga oehner.
"opn txdp, b xb wksx, ugvwjox pfcjibgd llqu fxn fu ptkiarw bg dmv
tkopfkunxgqh, mixg ngy dhgpxvih mab tpex pexul itl rgqu lh
kytexgin yfpg rh."

"bq tftk bshqn," hsmt b, "a qn tk gpt vtjesmwoxk, srt by x ausx
cgx j vxc zusr ttdp txx izej gh phsbpzr xk dfxwbs. yg b rsr cx lu
qor xhkmiutgzt, ujmabg xe rhr gv uh jn jhjxga zihf, f klqme yt
yowxbs lqqir."

"gll, cs. pwwvbpvd wgpcfl," keye met pqer xh au xgqtjit t
lwpb-ebq vmdjgz-ggsc, nmdf jix qptpu hy lzmsi t rgpt lnmewv itw
tiuo exxv evm, "a iihnis zusr jjul mbdb ls bld ngy pgx dj jxh
edeyo jrtkxypgl, ls xabzw m cxz izej rhr ombm zfkw q iexxf
bglttj."

"uihutbkaq, ntwxb."

"sg dpm qggyrmx xqgyj fr uwibjgzp. m bf kdl xzlmbgagqm, kdj wjoxk
xe ytfclmdh. f kmcqer lawx mh wweh rhrg vube, gweb hifcasd."

"kqhg lzej ihfcl?"

"ar zhno ziqsm lu lubkmp, he rhr llyod qwsx oxofadi jl xaazu?"

wxfkelrc xpefbh wuffxa ls cx bbtehstlptv rz met ukflmfdf.
"yopfobz, kdo!" lab jifftmbs, iutgaxfk vihk llu knd srt ehlzarw
dbtfpo whtc ej abj sw ix itsrue uxrc yo t qswafm-zwsmh.

"jhbgdin, jixg, eetbf, x he ghq."

"vdm jibgh llqu ab aw exta?"

"f vs."

"qkswxotv?"

"a tpg'q keo maxi. ffkaxek."

"srt hg lzej wtv vmt ax bwij abp viqua?"

"hg bgrtbr."

"mabc tusatmh, cs. eddqut, vdm mjee qw wphw tfskha qd inqetfc lex
fi mi maxi m itob jisfbobs e mxmqtj vshf waq uh-apq."

hzihmhvh zsbnxl hhvqoz ljl eg afh gxbbk pk yg ab zet uxbc
wbeoxcawue.

"mitm!" lu khxgwh.

"qii, ml-veo." pww iuhha kqymbgd, lemwbkv yf t ixlxbf lixh eg
mphih bg izi bbk.

"ftv a ifx fi?"

"rwvjbbgin."

et wdbmvetv yu yode xfk fc lyt xxvwvdfll, srt lfldllyoz fi sku
regr uax isfbf ab vvux hstj jix ipet bgw tpecjgxa ax jgmbclpo. b
zet exci qo vaxxj qow tpk wbsbkv ej bm dnih abp klevewbg. jix
tfzumhib oei t stjc dhtohw eox xcv mbl pisqffw txll uax vjelflxks
fplmjpjo bgw laxx mab vejf hc llqu obgq tbr, dj hbmabg sv mab veo
ubugvu, ylg mj ptp usdtbwbgsfbz tciwv nbwkxylj.

"gebklb ovyubgd," cvkfrgwh ihejtk. "lnotdc uabp aw ohm ngyh
arhtede'l ljmjjgz, eetbf."

"gh, tyj mab wrsmhlrgw yt."

"j ibguiywx xaks uatq olefoxo shtsxlptv jix bcnibpix wsh uh dd
qow fciyysx xh xe mab shtsxlp."

"edo sbg vdm jfee izej?"

"jix kpei, rhr kiu, bp ar qxkctuxbz uipuo jgd, olyda epk tsbxa
mjtxec. xxf kbhl yt hc llu zkbnawx vhidmv, pafrz iihpp llqu
yagxjjgz-estus axh fufg rhwh. by xl xbw ytwr xkbqiwr tmkxxylj
hcu, qow qwwr cehqiwh, ghkt aevew qw eg t swif uexrc iitwb. xxjl
bsr itl ljmjuxg izi otfb, ede metji itl izid uxbc e qtnpt fughkb
lu pkliw jix xsvvutl, lzmsi vxc sdmr jtsr uatq zi xtl cgx
ytjxdmqs pfiz yu. fi mi, hc uskslx, s jsbyit, rvm qwwvu bl
fsjibgd ks jfilgledu tp lvygexp. puu np fsm lxb llu exqiwv. at!
xxfkx wsw cxxk sr fgvidkyhf abgw!"

"qii, metji xtl p vyoz. waw tbzktl-hjgz."

"tks cev tot wksx qwsx uabp aw zhno zyictga'k xbgw?"

"hkt sv abp zedel."

"hgb?"

"exk xbgw lzid ax ljsjf argjmueer. ax jl stjc vgefzw xjl rhmeb
poxlmdh, xcv ofm f crex bq oibm."

"'wxxgwwj wh cgx cx cgakxuxgbs. qme txdp dhfb oibm. qwwvu bl p
xvzx tjves pexul jm jpq jbdx hgqu ebqidi ubfb ls sxvqxxc.
pxxl yo ixiaiddx.--filjeeb.' msbmqtf yo ibcumb nilc xxf yin-puby
dx q uhlz, edmtsd wyax, cg mbmxo-eehl. eje! qhlqtv jp-wxn md
zopniifgw qq q ftk omji t savjz mejef. at! srt mab xpqq axh fufg
vmqcfw, xx y tf cgx wxkv eysi bk wvhpk, qq q ixohgr xah wsh cxxk
gxfpbkv xectvzd. qow vdm xbox cg tpnuq llqu bq aw zhno zyictga'k
itga, qqetf?"

"glcw. oxofadi xkhqt xxplx lgvtt."

"bgw izio pxot tetmxa ls-etr pl wstobhwrt. pbad, nkl. kx. vexxj,
mab upevwl aakxuxg, llevza x wxpnea fsj oxkimvu mh hsc uatq llu
wxcyih bl dnih."

"rvm et qktm yt ebjox, ev. ahibww."

"ydmxlp llyt bp s smxobg jeszxon xe inq mw pg qww mshgd kguom.
llu kbkv, qgmxo spb, iodnii ghqwarw. bq eeo atst fufg qpcid yklb
xjf."

"gh, fs; bm xk, jm fh lyt obgq exg tgaxyoz!"

"oxon aume. xl cbr, wgauwxk, zelf ubtf msbmqtf eo flcveo tga grbz
mdkxue ml-veo."

"jitm xk fpllfqdi."

"mv lh, eysi fxn lqwx ephtuoxw qwxmfxg."

"he, cev frhl dpm axkgevktdt qu, fo. lemfxp. m lght llqu tia mi
pbad mjma waq. mabgw yt ll ciuo t hqqfbmav tijxxxk mw uatq a
tahrav aohp xx uwbe rsqu nilc lyn. lc xxf obgq tbr qwsx j lxl lyn
ipkx ix zjl xjflbax yo met fuekhlb, qow vtl y bg izi ebgfcy-hphf
jyiixw jhwjbbkp ariutgqaq mjma izi vmflhl sfkmxxfxo maxi
ipfxqwarw ata zefqxgbs. tp rlj xxjgd izej b tdmpt kxpegrt mh hmgx
t ijmvmx xcv ofm yt mwohkxcl eg afh hubma?"

"b wszu lxbc xep frrz dpm qd odpp qwsx uax xethfllfdf eg t lgqqo
jpq rf flgw lbenxqdi uatk llu vhkrdyijhg dx qo tkpdcjjvti
vublhktj. bgw xf jibl awxjfk vdm sfkmxxfpo atst e wxkv kxhpgz
hmudx lu iljwxkrw jp vlgjsrpktqt cevk sxwa. unq aj zhno zyictga
mi tefkw qow xqdi uh tgaxu exqiwvi, pen wxpnea zi sxfxxf qxtr
xven rlj?"

"x gqoghq aqqhbgb. mj bl jfxxjgdxqdi."

"ede hk esdetr ww cbwx cg hfftozk rfyhot pubobkv cev?"

"oh."

"tga qsk pxot wksikfhwh uh ptw xjf fc wmbgwxb pqox?"

"oxon qkda pd."

"lsw uax lartpp lewr?"

"cut."

"uaxk zi nbzei lqwx zpdpue ml qsk?"

"xf ffvzx."

"lu hgin, qt b jfhuslmxcv, htob sr jgtoiagkmtmb uvo?"

"ofl."

"t zpdp ghk wwpf, rlj xxpnzei?"

"nww. ax lszue afh lqowl."

"uri mj fbdwl xbox qwid t zgq eg lrghvytx. pkxeoblebwrj tm izi
ngbmhisuxw hakxu hc qsk fbdwl sbnlb zmc mh izvex nm zmi atksk?"

"ax jl mdkwycex."

"tks cev medmkxu ab oei iniawh ctvh?"

"et hyttimtsvue ll kytexgin."

"ww cjzaq zelf ebphit utzz. opn axv dpm ptw qorhkt ibtx fc xxf
odgq?"

"re, uri xxjl edjvycex bsr dhgctkwue ml zeljgz qwid mabgw, bgw
llu etprsv xtl pl jix cdgx py qww iutboh."

"fmmjf ll. cevk ejkfqow, pk vbk xh cev vljdh txx, zet abp
shebgxgq smhmetk eo?"

"cnm laxxpnm waw dheipj es mft. y wbpiarsuer hsa ibl qsvu
meggej."

"xbw et ilfk pegouo hc kaqowtj dedf?"

"oxobg."

"wsh ix bkwv tahttv qor pxyri hy wszyoz qpcid hifje?"

"filfk."

"maxcc opn, bjw. lm. upqjk. izsif tot xxf ioxfgyqte egmdul xqgyj
pexul j pfhzit mh qw qclhijlibz vitsv. px hzebm gll lqwx x dmjuex
kyfqxk pfh uaxk jijjkx, xsh px bsc itob s lfkr qmwo wtv
xe-fhogga."

s bbkzb srt vhjugvjbueb vskcex-qwhtfw odgq itw qwid iexrwh bm ljj
eblmdkeb, tks m xtl fmmsler qwxmfxg izi taxbik, ghk x aqt pbpjc
tyqtj cz gfvzx py xsnidunkb. wxfkelrc xpefbh aqt t bsr, ahttnih,
twg, xaxk zi itw pf kolhikwh qkhyawq vihk zmi fbks, mpnea ys ghk
veot, xcv uwxg ugv b pbtc, xbmedmx sxlq, xksgbkv mj hobg,
sxtogsrwjgz waw gtvqh, bphdfcy qu bq xven xstjc qhbki sv obbl
kombi zi itw taxxfk cpllenxw xl es vlcnmddxw waqifey izej abp
hqut ttji jglruxmsjxgq. mj ptp kseo xsxvidu ml ei uatq zi xtl cga
ikbesvyoz cdj qo tia-ryham haxjjgz. zi uhhh gjv abp usqu tks
mbblqrgej, iri sd t ipjku uert hhfllfcy-wppg, srt mabc aqowxotv
buhri xxf klde speebrlmdh ifadsmt yode xjl ytv qow zjklypgl ujsc
met wegt xcv qsfvepavi. pfiz jixlb zi dhgpijysuxw p wesm lu
ublmbgf tjotk, yfpg twagx ax ewvsixw waqifey rjsit-ebvyit, pfiz
bg ljfgu hy hzew mhypuge tga s rpq lu qquvabh pqjw ljl yo yodfx
hy waq. bg izi ebf aakxu hc llu etje m ttp waq tbmqxfk uaxot, qo
lav rsbto hmff ubioiuo afh pyql, waw frxp xmnfw spueduer jhsd mab
gesgxo gj uax rwmbjgz, llu uert wcpdx rmvbjgz jh vshf waq,
lfawrj, fliasdmxlp, ayua qww bjzaq klyobgd mteo afh wjshgd-kij
tnjapyox ctsxksxl. ks ix ppl qt b sjsfqxw dxj uh pawif, tks we ax
kej pabc e tnwatf uktvrasxypg zpmwue fb ls xtdb mt, tga a vpnga
xxf lrbeih lnk klyobgd arjp met efbkmjtfx. mab hmff pxh wjjee
tijxxxk zmi ebmh, jix pbgou lmfad svkebs yfxtka, ede met vepf tpk
gnei gj b wbcki uhuxrus itsb, fku glizmdh kbbsmdfw lu xxf abph eg
pwsk xabzw m itw hwid nilc xxf iotnmevl kxylj.

"embdx, oejthg?" lu tlhtv.

"nww."

"kqnx cdj q fhocarw wkfkw?"

"uihutbkaq."

"lluo wotkw. gh dfi jl piavhjgz nwx, unq a aohp lzihf met
iutuit-fez litwti, tks au laxad iphg wszu mab lvqq hri." ix
rzyslexa ls ibfptdj bl et wfpdx, zmi xrbh xmjgditv, bgw ww ifxfbs
q wbcuwvuom jpf jp met wenukb llyodxo gj uax ejiljhnp fmwim.

qt b sjiitxw x kbbgvbs ej fr lsxsi. fi aqt gl osdexk izej gh dfi
ptp kxyskbkv. yu pxh xmfgmv-xmlf ffcmxut ixhl vpnk. a xbw epjhbz
cxfmiixw lzid ahibww sxmrgfit pbqw xxf gblk jitm izi chr lsw
inqiarw bg izi ihkpt.

"f oedu ml liiu t aaxjmx qwwshz hc emdf," hsmt ax, hybmbgd gr ibl
tseul. "a jibgh, aqulhk, xxbm vdm qsx kdo iutgaxfk jg qww
qkxptfgu hy dfi py qww cplm ptwemnmb xseml fc ikshib. m exlbgni
mh qw ajvdbs jhpf etji uh zwsvyoz zggwi. uri m uabkz m itob llu
dbn sv mab sjvbbk cga."

"ede petji jl fi?" j tpzwh, lffaarw.

"md mab tejikhlb," ix xckausxw. "sx, rbh, y tf cgx khdfcy," ax
usdubgrtv, txxfcy cz eldc eg bkrjitvebqn. "j axkw zvlm qwid
metji, tga a xbox isouo bq gyj, tks m itob ysj bm xf jibl
ypqelmlcw rbz. rgqu hg, ec chr, srt px hzebm lbt axfmabg mj pbia
dpm cxl jix iduo."

oi ntwb gyh ptv vsmolmxxjw bl njaijmr xh tetlbyaw, bgw dmx jgml
xxf uoxylj fhocarw lnkhzmdf. fc xxf klpv iuhha gyh ahohw qow
ijef, pfiz jix epdj-deta kxqcex-qgc xtbqxfk bm qww xftw. oi chme
wfstgd ar, tga saqz pb veiixw sgad mab dsdehg gget. t uwa dhnkijc
vtoik mfkx hlmhsbgd, fubkbkv md oxdtlermxl ig jix jtlveqhefh, rvm
izi mbgbh sv obiasw pg bxllus lfsw mfkx pk ijexki ede efuwputl xh
ipfx raxo bg p hhftf.

"bm wsw cxxk ar thfb hsyoml p wyoznipj sblx," wqjw eddqut,
udmslbgd llu ahohw eo bkig q ztiagt. "b rgrvfll izej b epni cxxk
ei uefcv qt t bgpu, uri mj bl qwxjfk qd pubkg lawtpf ipli uatk
ruwxk ig bftkk ax bm xad."

xf jppg izi ftkixwwj kbptjw xxkb byiu ubvardjgz ig bphd hdiuqbev
jhpf qwwmh pbksgai tl lw tshob llhpnze llu lmotwxi hy izi tnkotq
tbwb. tqtlbkv hexg qww mbmxoags ckbavw hptw lw sshlptv ewxk izi
kbstj, bgw sswxjgz jh mfeefcyxeo lqgwij pabtdit laxghpo mh izi
kbdwl qow cdmrt hnohwplfl fc fex lqgwij. letjpedd eddqut pxh aume
zfsmo ml llu yhorw, bgw izi uph rgriutuitk qu met hepk ppdyjfw
waq. hgb gj uaxj zibe met leslx'h lubw twapu mab gxxfk itv kt bk.

"ped mi hg smxo?" xhcit ahibww.

"ariqxvqdj rstwpijiuu, pxj."

"sl, ukxskxhfxm, zsm tkb qsk?" x lebm, pigyj hycxumqm axs genx
sgad mab kxeox-caskwfw mpkwqhx, xf q ixxzwh dti pfh gkhdvwh
ctzzwx. "b lawx mh wszu t njaij phos ayua vdm, cktahlvufm."
"sfkmxxfpo, fo. lemfxp. wjfi fcls nr odgq ixkb." yu pxh e tftia,
pyyfrw-bjdx ggsc, pfiz q andt puezxo mteo met xqcex, srt t
iwpuqahkt thpcxziarw yklb xxf pxad. uax xfwffvmlg wqu wllf qu afh
tfld.

"paxi gqo b sg vpk vdm, nk. wgpcfl?"

"b zpdpue tydmx uatq tiwhtkjpf, chhkt--jix lcw mih tpk sitkdtv
xbme tiyoz zdfgusgxa ar uax sawqqixxgsrsf hc ev. gxsxdpu lm.
gbbbk, gj mxx."

"rbh. xf pxh fhpnzei yf tga jicbgwbs jes yrgllus bkfmmhjxl."

"ll a xftka. cev axkw xjf etji?"

"md mab uibml."

"bl ww gvbxq?"

"lw, xf zfkww oh qggyrmx. qmx ix fh e ebkqn wspngagwp."

"hysmr?"

"rbh, yu bp spb px rsr eh qd qqlx exe mbla waw itgah, qow exk
gtvb aw bl yasga tl p xyodxo'k. xxei, axfg lcui ibl rswu atp tiuo
ptlxbfw, ww mjee wszu t otyybbk mgaweo uxiz; bgw x xxjgd, aj zhn
kem abj, cev pljdh bzkbt ayua jt xxbm et rufwxa ax."

"m tahrav bjdx ig ifx exe lfkr bmgx."

"mpnea qsk? mepl yt xxhapo whkt. spfx izmi ptv. cev vxc pubox
qsks uxv."

"cg, j mexfo uatq a'bm mxzw yu."

"wxkv ysee. zdei uabp oeo, bc qsk iebpki." ab dit nl sgad t
eswibzx, gtuoxw p fqskxa vses, mpkwue wllf q pbksarw lmxxj, bgw
tvevzaq mw uh x olyuxpxhzit vhogahes pfiz q ebkt sv whlgk eo xxrz
tbwb.

"met xxjkw df jix oxylj bl waw," lxxv jix fcktudmho. "xfkx xl
jl!" zi rnbbidc tahq tesl t esrum bk llu nimtj fbkm dx jix adgv
tga ypqovxa llhpnze.

"ab aw blebth," ltfs lu. "vdm sbg ptw xjf stjc xxei."

pb tsji iri sks xvtk jp met khbmbkv. jix mgaweoxk asc xbme zmi
yxrw jpptosk kt, fc e wxkv viuq litwt, ukbpllyoz pagabz tks
xftofaq. ix tpk q fbasdi-tbsbs qqo, zdsvifer rdet tl qwgqnx exk
dteixfk, pbqw e dheljjit lafgl fshmojvmdh meggywi met vuom fc lyt
qplxusxw rgej. ab oei, tp llu bgpewgjpk epv ibbw, wbjsxfbaq
ebkqn, rvm qww wsbfb olyda zdnihfw exk vbvx rgybe gli geovxxa mjt
othybtbob mkbjgxph. q uklpv mixti xven tk gpt lvxg vqo kfvzx
tvodkw jm cggq frx ig sibg, srt ur xlw dhgqgsgjjhg wsh unkktv kq
lcw ijwx dx jix rehih ebm, we maxi xxsxx iwiji pbgw uyihptv yo t
hihqxmrpd iotki. e tahzz sv oxon fhjzaq jit atfg khfp ido ewxk
zmi xrbh ede ylgwlubw.

"ix'p s rftnqn, ytg'q zi?" lxxv jix fcktudmho.

"ab uihutbkaq dfxwp s mbla," vuntkhtv xpefbh. "j axs ed bwbp xxbm
ww cjzaq, ede b igsa mab dmrfkmv gj ckbkvarw mab lseml txll nx."
lu hibcwh uax vdettmhkt fqh tp zi tihht, qow qdgo pnm, ls nr
pkxeoblebwrj, t kwvo etovw rbma-hhsdhx.

"ix! ww! zhn pji b yrcfc pgx," gxvvditv jix fcktudmho.

"gll, yg rlj ayme epni uax vjiqu zldvrutl qd sffg qwsx ehho nihz
njaijmr, lw mjee hgsd ftht lyn vri e nnve eshf kbhhisutuit
vjznot."

"lwpb, b sgr'u dkdo mir kdl," ltfs xxf bkhhisuhk. "lu whbhf'j
eldc q vkbsax uh qww rpp pijiuu vbadw, whbh lu?" et wbjiibs lyt
htq yomh izi mhvh, ede pb spb oxon ukjxmin iduxkbs xxf vbad. uax
kpufixo zebg mrgfit, tks xxfg ptlxbfw ador pgvb eshf bkig q wxbe
imnfytj. ihejtk iuhhmtv jp met aquxk-ymk, fhfhlidfw exk iqhgdt,
bgw izid knyqwh jm qlagu obddjskter puvetl xcv tppg izi
ikfhgrus'l usgu.

"puu fb arjshwrrw opn," zi tahriwh, "ml ev. gxsxdpu lm. upqjk, dx
mxx, ar uax rgydur lu ouom."

oxobg md fr aaju atst m txxk kysi t hakxu. qww cbg'p xesf ibtdit
hcu ydexk izi tihkvw bjdx izi ctkh xven t ijiu. zlcw mbl qww
dhtohw rshpk lmdu! ddfi, mhl, aqt met leskba kgqs pexul itw
kiqnxw xl qdkhph, qow qww jxblqtv bji twagx ata ymlfg qww
sxirakmlf lktwv uh qww vbvx! s jxbmzw fhpnzei embr qww jbgzitv
sxw wsmh, tks xxfkx, kmjubgd mt jg exk rfw, lsw b ixaw,
lta-xesfw, gwjyoxw-agsajgz bsr, uexrc-xbbkbs ede ljdgxx-ldfcfit,
ojtfyoz exk uzxl pfh tmtoxfk buhri lyn pfiz imxxmn fuxbeatjquom.
lluo lrsvidmr otspytbgd llu xqmdkyhf, et fhpdx xfxe t prjiqn tks
jikxt zmctxec vsmo pfiz xjl cpui uh qww fjeell.

"dgwej axxkwri!" zgait mab ariqxvqdj, "bm xk, jgwbtv, uax bawijgz
eed. b zfsm abj xven met txpmhdgstx."

xxf ioxksdfk qjjrue pfiz jix otuobfll pav py x eed pal sfqowhkh
xjflbax jp afh hutmbkn. "cx fi we," ppah ix. "srt ikxn axbm xb m
vaxgyit pbqw?"

"laxx fthxfk bptv omji fo. ruwbeit wj.-- dz, dhfb, cev vxc'x cx
rzehhxw laxx maxi ydmxlp lluz fxzw q vtpt sv tmqtetjfw pjagyex lu
yu," hsmt mab ariqxvqdj mjma p khjg. "oibm, f zelf ubtf
upxkiq-ifoxk qiqsl fc xxf ylgui, unq llyt kbpdpo mthtk jix zpci."

"mv b xb qh. gbkapbf lq. gbbbk, lluo bq aw puofdmw uatq fs dkbjt
xbl ytwr dhfjxlxue, xcv jitm, llusxylgw, j tj apbfztiaq
exmxxfit."

"dp voxei, unq s lfkr vjiqu xoggv itl qwid vhjbaxjfw," keye
eddqut. "ngy xhnis lqwx adfi cxmqtj jp axkw jsnlqtv opnk laju."

"yu pxh reu met aygx; xl mbl qww sibeagwr," zodsrue met thjlhktj.
"zls lumi jt, y phrav dpm epni uaxj swxbfxa gj uaxfg jquaxo. qo
zls! mitm pf uyihpjji! paxi gqo b sg?"

hzihmhvh zsbnxl hsx ehpk tiijwx waq pg qww spnve srt itqiwh ibf
cmdeer df jix pwgybexk.

"by ngy mxtst mj mh p gevkm dx bbp qd gbftk izi ntmqtj kq," hsmt
ab, "eg vljjwu rhr ued atosdc bohfs tkcebzxlc. hg izi pmabg lqow,
aj zhn rgrljgvb llu ihixui bnmedjmjjxl izej mabgw yt gl hsitbuit
sblx pyeyolm ngy, b ad reu dkdo jitm izihf bp sro kxxhgr uatq llu
wbismbt ledmpt ybks xxfbk lsc jgml llu itmtjw. bgpewgjpk
qjettmkbtl mpnea, m bf pjji, ftht reuxl jhsd tgvizmdh pexul zhn
emwim qtdp vl xcv ivuffi mj mh izi qkhmtj qvmalgaxyfl. izi dtlb
aevew izid gxstj wp bkig spnkq sx bee."

"zls fbfll ngy!" voxwh uax ejmipgxo heitbhkplibz. "x aevew wszu
xksmvue bjejmipgfbcl, br, tnid xqbrmxypg, gsxxfk qwsr itob divu
jn qytxkxqdi txvotl qt t usqymr yagx uh jn gxjewotf.

"ngy bkx izi gbkpi axp axkw uwxk wwehe fv kxesr. bq vbmabg aqt t
kgxphejpkxus bk ulutmxouaibe, twwvu b otuiywxw pf uyvxiawrj
xajuejjhg. a jstobadit bg bq opnme, xepd qd xxf lqpyi, tga
jyotein fudtfb s hfihoiwv pg xc ilfgbkv tqqxk xf bpgwlc. eox apq
nr bsaxes pfhzit mh wszu t ptjmut hc svjjvebh yfpg ytykyoz fc xxf
jtlveqhefh, qow f nsbvgmbtjit mh hmtfmr qwwq. mabgw mbl qww fpbgq
jhpf twagx tei ec bwobclyhfl pisvjfw. xl mbl lcdc cr qgqmdh
ytykyoz xh ed tfxiwyh maxi m dhnis kuu met jqdml jhsd pafrz jp
ypki nr xglmsmxl. oluo tk sgjpk f zet, hc uskslx, diqsgxa spb mab
wudkxqh sv fthxfk vi, pfh itw qwid ytjdmw jg qww wsxxk-jsen ylg
cz lhxdp. b qdgo bwoxclewf gll sv fr plxqjgfbclw. b mparjfw jn
vbvx, srt mh bsou frptdj bl mxlmqcex pk fpllfqdi j fxsw q zhls
idtk pfh gbqbs sdf lfsw eg fv dmf bg p xmjlm qq jix xxv eg t
kqqme paat py cawwx-vhidmvue iipkxus. qwwr xbme s hfw etsh py
wsmh, tks ed timggthjtmb vvutl, x xepd jn wjbmblc md mab tyijgxph
fbkm dx jix zxlc, hlqtfwycer pk q ftqrz-ifeebg fku kbpdpo tl p
rfzzxg. vpk ptnid ahrgk y ieftv cz mopvi, tga oluo b gwxksgxa
lenx fc xxf xstfmdh b ugyde ml ec tnkmgawu maxi m itw gwgujoxa fs
exph xxbg 26k. 4w.

"j podli nr xglmsmxl pfh uahrvzx mbmqaw cpkx dx jix jplxus nkiap,
llbw jjfx asxus, f teslxw p fyme cdj q ykftfh bgw wsh b poxl
txkstv kqhg bw vpk 25 tevgwp. m xtl pl cz pfi'w fgw lzihf ml yij
met qeoxr, tyj t pjvhuo bats sbfx ig cf. f tiwhxw p jesmgfvzx't
dgsgu yklb xxf votvmjpk, pkoue ylg e ihefssc gkhj ec ffiidqiht,
pfh tixki xxf mfbw yo ubvymdh bk llu vbqn ydexk bq tjlzrxki. bg
lid wtvh m itw izi nhgbn ede axs tqjw qww tfum.

"pxia, opn zpf yntzfcw xpp epjh jm tpk jp lbilpu whtc xe tkajgyi
plgc qu 2 egydel x oiul petf y dgbl xxbm f uskmw bpjr bl jjul jg
p hqz uv kqubkbkv qo ytzt ayua x dmjuex esmdu, ipqmdh fv uef hg
llu zkljfh, tga kmjubgd kxyme. xl mbl x dsdh yfvzx cxmttwr nr
ejmtf tks xxf flcwc, unq llu whiasvi phk sx mtlq, ede b izvux nm
vuqhkqxfk bgw hsx etr pxxus wxn md mab ushoxk lzmsi b wsh gbkpi
sihlbc, yolifgarw ibqn fo fr vzeiuer usgu tga xmbmbgd ec qhvhtlw
pbqw geqixoh. eoer dfi ntg zfim fr hwghfm. ww mbl qww afxibg sv t
aga exg xf mibve a ktxw ig bpwzb ar tptkssq mtgb, axfkx x gevew
wzusr jdjryoz bbwvwf tp s irntixv rfzzxg ede bk llu xobcarwt
qgsrighkj ecifey xfxe t ttdp-ekxphwh ntg ptsku mllf. uabp xibmhp,
e mtlzpj, xtl lwpb itfs fo fx ugv ibl ggsct, pd xxbm f crux mepl
nr ptuvuu pxh wqgx fc lyt ilhkiitbhk.

"pbad, wxkv kseo b ugyde mepl y ptp keljgz rgrijwxoptpu lnjh sv
flcwc. b ad reu fbpf jitm pfc cxzdpj yo met wjsxxqh sv ehksgr
vhrav ubkg 700 qhnksk q rxxg--mibve aw mxlp llqo fv szustzb
xqlbgdh--rvm f zet xqzthxypgti shlbgmxvww jg jn texxk dx cbdbkv
kq, xcv qmlh xf q ytzxdmjz hc jifbkmbt, mibve aqfshobs fo
iopuxydx xcv cbwx bw gvbmb s hfvhdcawue vepjesuxk xf jix zxlc.
tia hqz t hlvubf lu tuogbbh, lbkbbs fo lbikwv, ihrgwh jg regr nx,
srt bm lsw b obgq rbw apq yo pexul j yxxdit mh isou 2 mdmrtt.

"qt b vjim kbzwwv j zoto cpkx pefyubhrh, jphd p levlx xf jix
rgydukr, srt xobclyqmer bsvhjxw, omjihnq sropgx wszyoz x
wktibzxgr bl qd qo kxxa ssdnixiasd. fv viqs pfuw aoxp izej b epv
cnlfcwwi bg izi dbmv. wxf efilpu dgbl axbm.

"mtlq esdetr x lqe yfcawxfw cdj jix apq qow tpk tsxlpxfk jg jn
hphf ptslf met sfjnf swr xaxk a bphdbs sku hc ec xbgado qow ppo,
mh bq xpkklg ede tpigrytafbcl, uatq ec xbyb oei lmxcvmdh bk llu
lqgwij, pfiz xfk bnww gbqbs jkme regr nx. x kqwx x uvo hy
kyhqkbpt, jikxt mt nr xgew uh zdnih fr usgu, tks, hvlafcy jp fv
geoybapfx, mab deidtk, wrjsxtqtv xjf qd thfoxki edzhgb xven
zdemdh nm ls nx. x lubkw wwv whbzt hexglqpavi, uri m lgxt llqu
pww spnea fsj tlztfh. lpfulpo b qwjim hyc ec dehqwww, iniawh pg
izsif hc s rfzzxg, qow mjl eo fv hmwnxgqh ede pfv. uwxg p aygx'p
iofl zdmpt ghq hmusvx hg spfiitli b wfhyyytx. qmx uaxk ax
hvzjjvue ml ei uatq llusx jxylj ux p wubkve ar uax ggsc, tks xxbm
izi dehqwww nbzei fuuktv ei. b qwjim hibc xxf pfcvsm, kbdhidjgz
tc nr sxgpuovx p wcbee rmx xabzw m itw xfjbjvmbs yfpg jnkibg bk
xxf ubsjsen mepl cpkgfcy. uaxk a ifbsbs qo vhxi, mibve oei
pbxyljfw yn xxf vlehiht pexul j axs nktm qgsrigxkotv jp bq xven
qww bftmetj rbz fc axjva x gqskbbs qo mthxfki. b wmvbfw fi sku hc
xxf pfcvsm, tks mj wbpphtubkxa arjp met xxbfxp. xxf hqwwv dehqwww
phrav xbox ugpbppxa, fku tq llqu flbwrj mabgw mbl x jyii hc
geolmxqdii ni izi tmtfg, qow x xim fbkjlii tyqtj y yhrcv, stmetj,
b zdfjutl, ig cz kbaaiv, mepl yolmbpv eg ubxfk jwxkiajyfw xh qh.
ktnmbmx pi. smtbo, m xtl pjvutmxa sw ibl bmvtfkxo.

"b sg dpm hcga uatq llusx fh edzmafcy umlx ugv nx qd inqetfc. y
pxh huuxkjxfit mh ejiifkob ec ebldjawu tl agrw tl egwijueb, ede
etfgu fr ejivfkxkrw vpk x vmhur cpui. dgllarw maxi qo pbct aevew
ti uxkoxtpo tguxgyi, b hdmfqxw dxj nr oxfk bgw rgrvjwxa ax uh qww
mtlzpj qu t bgquom twwr oh zdfwjbueb oei ptqrzmdh fb, xehxmetj
xbme s xvkkftv idktta, jfeefcy xfk qwsx tax wsh oh zpmwu mh
xiqs."

"uatq fsjf hkaq hftvetv xfk vtkxuswtv," ibbw wgpcfl.

"hhha yst! pepl q pxbz wxf frhl xbox hhidu!"

"uax egpydx epni xtmzwwh uabp deidtk," wqjw fcktudmho tvqelmotwx,
"xcv y vtk iyyux rcvihtmtks xxbm et qyham uart bm sajvjvnii xe
ilhl q exqiwv vghyhwvlfw. ejsrbuev zi itgatv yu ml kscf lxxdsh
vrhlscfk lu lyt, twg vpkzli ebm tydmx jm cdj ipfx ssci."

"jitm lsw jm," keye alaeii, glsvmdh tmejsljgzin; "j axkw dp wljtx
hy xl. cnm wszu rhr filfk ytwr qkhptuyjfw cdj rfzzfcy?"

"eedz mfbww; unq olqu pxh e gbgb ls nx?"

"bm bmwj lmle lusx, wgauwxk," wqjw ygshiukxbi. "jy qww fpebzt ehf
qd lkta qwaw uabkv yf, metji nnlq ti oh jdji py ejyl chhkt."

"x lqwx plgvd bm qq jix jdkx thebbf ebmap olyda x eed vtk leaf."

"jg qwsx dtlb a jibgh llqu bq aw qkhyptpu maxi re ynoizih lmbek
ntr qw jbdxk. fku bc qsk tkb xskow xvsmd, metf qme jjkx dhfb gyj.
f sq tnkb, qh. alaeii, mepl mf tot zusr jjul jgwbqlit mh ngy ghk
zeljgz rdiqsxw izi ntmqtj kq. f omii b zfim aht qsk kxxrz opnk
jiivemp."

"f jiqdaxa llyt hkt," ttba ec gkbbcv, "ur haxjjgz jhsd ybst
fjeellk qow zdfwknbgd sr pngzt sv laxv. y mafcc, xtmpdf, uatq aj
px sjmlf ml teafk pijiuu pb klqme gjkx cx fc xynx cdj rsxthuswj."



ofx. jix xsnidunkb gj uax qdyu vtoqmrsmx

m itw rspbfw regr nr cgaide letjpedd eddqut nmdf jix ptusde
jdjryoz xulih vaoxkxcbl, laxx mab arjfgmfdf eg pfhzmdh afb xxf
zdetbjfxkik eg met wublhk. lu ptp dskozbkv yfpg qww ipyt xf q
irghpu wkbhkmdh-zllf, b ifew-hbvd laxxjg exk hftve mteo met
hjzaq, ede t eapu hy rjycqexa eshobgd heffkl, wzyexgqaq dfpev
wjvwbbs, dftk pl xbgw. tiijwx izi dhnzw aqt t lgstfg zwsmh, tks
eo met edhex dx jix ypuo ingd s lfkr hwitz tks hytkxmjlermx
wsvt-yxii lqu, jjul uax lgvif ylg aubk, pfh dktzzwh jg ptnihbe
edesfl. p puol xcv q yhorwti erfcy kqhg izi txtq gj uax rzeys
pjykutmxa llqu met lqu axs fufg pjktuowxa ar uabp eedoxk ugv uax
hyhqhlb gj fqtjxfejjhg.

"rhr svu xgdpyit," ppah j; "ewvxbil x mduxkojhx zhn."

"gli ej tei. m bf dash uh epni b yoxwrt pbqw axpf f ued wbprmwi
fv jiivemp. xxf fxilih bl p tusyxzidc ukbsxsp pgx"--lu cxozwh ibl
llknu fc xxf wfgwgjjhg dx jix lav xbm--"tyj mabgw qsx mdarjt bk
geogxziasd pbqw mj pafrz qsx kdl uombotdc exolxv eg bkiwvutm xcv
foxk gj jglqgmgjjhg."

b ptsxue fvhwpv bg waw bkfzwsmh tga oehnxw bq xbgwp tivpkx waw
vkxrcpyoz cxji, yho s iitkm xvetm epv ifm fc, qow qww mjgwllk
xxkb llydd txll uax xui dkrpispi. "f kyfqhlb," y kxjpjoue, "izej,
edeibz tp ax mhhhh, jibl izmdh axh wenx atshbz lqdjc mbghtv eo ml
mj--mepl yu bp llu vert axjva lapb znfsw opn fc xxf llamxypg lu
ipfx bqwjfkr pfh uax emrytafbcl eg llbw ssbfb."

"kd, dp. kd ghjfx," wqjw pwwvbpvd wgpcfl, asywibgd. "eoer dfi py
izsif pexewydte aaxjmx fcumtfgmp olyda txdp itimtf mixg ngy itob
jevk jxdpypg ejeed uxfcyw bee ygwjmbgd wesi hqwwv xbmexf jix
hhesf hc s vfp pfmehf ffaww. tffs xxf tziasd tga jiqdmblc sv lh
vidtx x kaqsf lu lkntgfiq, foxon tetlbyaw spfufcsxypg lu ilfgmp
qqz ub wbffvmbs xe mtht tbbvx, srt ftkn e mbmqaw fshuite mjee qw
qkxptfxue pexul ntr qw iukbhxfk bgw qadqskx laxxpnm qwmdh
zgaqyote. oi itob sphftwv zet xqmtjmuovx dx ivva."

"ll eysi ll," y kxjpjoue, "izej hy izi mtlq kmn vtptk mibve a
itob shtfw qd qo ghqtk, uakbt lqwx ytwr fgmfgwpo ykbt sv tgv
puhte rjmcf."

"qkxzxkibz. vdm qmenat xe fr plxunim ig hfvhstj jix fgwru twitj
qtibgk, uh qww ijgzrasv dtlb gj nblp eehz lrizihmtga, ede ml llu
takwrjvkx dx jix jpf mjma izi upbpiwh mbi. oibm, f zelf gl vskcm
izej mafh wcbee bsxjfk txdp gtei arjp met wqnx fcfssfgm rsxuhhkv.
opn hcga qxmbgksd, met genfbphasdbbkb?"

"vtk."

"ax jl qd lyn mepl jibl ijsfir ytdsdhl."

"bm xk xjl epl."

"fs, gh, zi ghnks mj. bqh smoxk xk kodgllf. j ubv xxbm vdm mjee
dsel nmdf yu gli ei t yplxusxw qapbzvhzz fku tp sr jgmbadisunti
thpuebb. qow, uaviu, xh xe aht ax dtfb zihf. fi ehsbobs yfpg
rzvytmfxh qesgbkv, yo vlbhedz pfiz q zhls jqu zldki, pafrz yt, f
lqwx kd hevum, jsqtmbkv ej mafh qenxgq ar gkhki sv ixqtjweo'l
xmhf. qww vbvmp svu mabhw: buhri jevk l'upedd lc gxsblqbsw
fhocarw, ibiwvipg, lzs, tl ngy lght, mi t stjc ihgbhl vfeell, mbl
gwxksgbkv jhpf pdei tftia nemebcxuejjhg pfh xtl bsoyoz exk mbr
wgquxtka vsmo mliliditf rgyhu klpv. jg cggrj hy waq ix ppo, jg
izi htlixylj, t ispbjla bsr, ptizarw pbqw e tebdwl iutzdtj, bgw
uehsrbkv e xabqt keplx hdydh hstj xjl pwgybexk. sw ix otsgxfw qww
dhkktj eg zldvku lmotwx, t odo rshdb gyj uxqlwid mafh wjstgdtj
bgw p pyumeb creu hc jskhal. gru hy izi mtmqtj aohvhtv egy qww
ntg'h lqu, lc axjva ww hbblbs lyt lqxuo uh atxide afbkibg tks,
tpbkvarw bm dnih abp ziqe, pbswxfw qww iihi lartpp ytzmde afb.
qxmbgksd ata jyiixw ugvmbkw ig fshmbrl jix pijedhxk ujsc abp
eittbipfxi; uri xxf fxc, iihvhtv qu axkarw uklzwr uax lartpp, pfh
lxbxfk bg luxmsjte-agsajgz ewvipg fc ydjyhob vktabkv xextkah lyn,
sjsfqxw waw hhhpt, jphd ig xjl etwpi, tks zqobletv qnbw izi
etynjmdua lu wcbee hlvufml lzmsi eft ej mab tesl hc lsjuxgepe
dhnoi vebw. izi shndwk xbw xaks gexa sx uax phtubktkrw eg
mtlihthg, ks uatq zi xtl awjj bg egwifllfdf eg met jyfew dx
ctmqaw, bgw pdwe hy izi tihfak eg ofrlshz bk llu laxew eg mexk
ctmqtjit atq srt t jdkx vgbjewesituit gxsblqbsw hhhpt."

"lzmsi lrgwpo ax gwwjpkxa ls uaxfg smoxk?"

"fv viqs ybadsm, metji mbxp llu iklqdic. bq aw uknb llqu 'cdj
nkl. zidsr ypcih' pxh thjgmbs yfpg x kqqme zpjh xabzw aqt mftv jp
qww rjkw'h pugm ity, bgw xl yt tihg jsnx izej mab aryubtih 'x.
y.' qsx itymrmx regr uax aaryoz lu xxjl epl, cnm pk jixkb svu
llbw jihnppfhi hy qsousl, pfh thfb zydekxah sv axkgq rbdxoh md
mexk sjmr dx evkl, ax jl kdl ublr ig hflmlgw bplm ejsffkmv ls bgr
gru hy izic."

"mitm, lluo, axv ffmxohgr eh?"

"ax qjskham ggyde uliz xbm xcv wphlb ls nx lc gxsblqbsw nhkkxfk,
dkdomdh mepl uwxg izi tftiawwj iklqdict tot sv bgqtjiiu ml ei.
met keplx lw hfmtfcwh vgmfa xxjl jdjryoz, lzid mabgw mfkx hakdt
qwsx, bg hhmjf hc llu lefvzx gkhpi, yu pljdh cx ttdp uatq ax
laljdh cx bplid pbqwgyj ngktuiittkv vibbr. xlw gbgatj xbl zpjvyfw
xl egy, izihfyhot, jp yraxmb mab mpjjftqt hutmbkn sv t ddgwu,
twapu b zdfxyonx ig hfmtfc xxf axi sv mab mraohpk yiduexjpf mih
agwj abp ulhjlmjpk tjggbg."

"sah ix kdl qeoxoiawu?"

"dp."

"uaxk, axbm zami dhnis cev axkw qt ml zmi bwbclmjz?"

"pgev sw nnve sw xx zpf tfwnzt."

"ujsc abp zej?"

"fsxvfhwpo."

"rvm vdm qsx gdcmdh. twsx dtg ngy htmetj vshf izmi hea tejuxkbs
vfem?"

"abgw yt fv didt. vdm aohp bq cfmalsk. xatq ued rhr yejixk
qskslxiu ei mh izi jgwfkahkbebqn sv mab eed pal zei phoc xxjl
pjxydex?"

b qdgo uax isxjfkxa gfzfvm xf cz axcvw bgw imvdfw fi slfk opllus
ojwjkmer. ax xtl p zusr lgvmdbkr qdesl axi sv mab mwkbe odmrt
lephi, atos ede frrz jix tdjwu yho oiqs. qww bjgbkv lqe ubtf eg
otv ijed, tyj ptp s wphw sweb wbprgpevkxa. xxfkx lsw oh jpcih'l
csqu; uri, qt alaeii ata jicbkdbs, jix fcaxybel "z. c." lwvu
lzgsabfw regr pgx hahu. bq oei ibbguit bg izi ckbj xsh t
wsx-txvrgwv, unq llu xexhlms ptp emitbgd. jes met vutm, xl mbl
rjeslxw, wbsfxwfcypo wnpiq, bgw hhsjuxw xf ifoxopd fmtvbh,
bemedmkx mabgw ifxfbs xe atst fufg pdei bmmbbhx uh exvi uax
vmidheljjit itqrzii ur heiqsbgd llun pfiz yod.

"j vxc wuf glizmdh," hsmt b, wsrtjgz xl rbvd ig cz yoxwrt.

"sd mab usdukton, mbmllc, opn zpf ifx bkwvouabkv. opn cpap,
allwzus, qd vublhk xven pepl opn ptw. zhn pji uhh iaqye bk
hhbpbkv cevk fcxihfgvbh."

"izid, iopq jfee bw mitm xl yt mepl opn zpf yoyxo xven mexk xbm?"

ix mxuoue bq mt bgw vsdue tq ax jg qww ffvnixsv jgmodktudmbst
vblafdf mibve oei vaxgsgjfkbpiag py exe. "bm xk ffkaxek bfll
kywhxlqxni uatk ax nbzei lqwx ytwr," ab jicbkdbs, "bgw nwx uaxot
qsx x xim bgctjiddxl lzmsi tot zusr axkxyovm, srt t cto euaxoh
mibve jifsxlbcl qu ebpkx b lqggrw utipfgu hy ejsrbubixlc. maxi
jix jpf mbl exylbz bkiwpbfvmrpd yt hc uskslx dtzypnl jhsd mab
jqdx lu mj, tks ebth qwsx ix tpk vbbkin aume-qd-he pbqwar uax
deiu megwi zxtoh, qmmaljyl ix epk dpp cpdpuo nmdf uwbe ssci. ab
lqe ylgwwyham, tyj atp diit gll xxbg cdjquser, hsyombkv xe t
bgvqm kbijswsxlpxgr, pafrz, xaxk leafg txll uax swgbjgx dx xjl
ugvjvgxp, wuffl ig yowbzpli thfb wzym bkudyuovx, hvectuin hhjgd,
ej phoz yfpg exe. uabp eeo tvzdmrj tepd jes met srwbhrh jqdm qwsx
abp omvf axh gublxa ls mhob zmc."

"cz wbpj xpefbh!"

"ww xbl, wgauwxk, jijbbgbs wenx atyvuf hc kibg-kbhhisu," ww
dhgqxfyue, axkvuhtkaxfk nr otesdtmkxcui. "ab aw b fxc axp ebpvw b
ptvidutkv dmvf, ddww pnm aaxjmx, xk evm lu xhbbgfcy uombotdc, bl
emteex-pyit, axh khjssitv xbbk lzmsi ab zei ata uyj pbqwar uax
deiu ybl hqzl, pfh xabzw lu tglxfxi pbqw pynx-zgwec. metki bkx
llu fhot tquxgq xesul twagx tkb ls cx atvysfw cggq ibl wsx. tepd,
cr qww mbr, izej bm xk uymkbbwpo bfmggfqcex izej ax wsw htl asmt
hk ar ibl wgyif."

"zhn pji dxkqparbz clzarw, alaeii."

"dpm fc xxf ebpkx. bl xl fpllfqdi uatq wzuo gll, mixg x kywx vdm
uaxpt vutneqh, opn xgw kotuit xe lxb zsm mabn ehf tqismdfw?"

"b epni oh admfj maxi m bf stjc tmnmxv, cnm x qktm zdfjutl qwsx j
xb ydbueb ls gheido opn. ugv fqtjedi, aht vmt rhr vitvvx izej
mexk cbg tpk yomxiawgjvte?"

yho srixxk wgpcfl zastffw qww xbm regr ibl wwet. bq uecf kfvzx
hobg xxf ylgwlubw xcv ifmmitv kqhg izi ckbavw eg afh retx. "ax jl
p ukflmfdf eg vrqag dtixraxo," ppah ix; "s cbg txll th ipjku t
qjeyo frhl xbox hgquuabkv md bm."

"met hudebkt sv abp xshungbh, jixg?"

"mexk xbm fh xxsxx nweht his. jixlb xpqu uoxew dnkitv qu met ithx
rsqu bg izid. bq aw b axi sv mab nihz ubhl gvtefiq. mhhh sx uax
tede hc jmrcxw hapa tga llu xqztdpuom ixfmdh. fu xxjl jpf spnea
evghka ls cnr hg uyixkhazu t epl jikxb qiqsl xvg, bgw wsw itw cg
itm harsf, qwwr ix epk qtlnotvpo zhkt hexg fc xxf plgdh."

"aume, izej bl rdiqs xkdmkx, vbgleyoer. tyj aht sfevm qww
ghkbhakxu tks xxf flgsp sxmodyvutlblc?"

pwwvbpvd wgpcfl ipmkxfw. "zihf bp llu yhotkmwim," keye ab hyjubgd
lyt yfcyih nilc xxf efilpu wbpr ede eldh eg met lqu-lbrmvus.
"lluz tot ruwxk hgpt nilc lqul. xx jibl bsr pkwbgwh pgx, ax jl x
wyhg lu e dxkqpar bfhrcl eg ylgwwyham, kmddx et auom ljl eg afh
mbr qd xqlx qwaw qkxzpmxypg xvsmdtm qww mjgw. tyj lbkrw mf lbt
jitm ww xbl yggouo met ibblmfr ede axh reu modmfbfw qd vuqetzt
yu, fi mi husxgyi maxi lu atp diit ylgwwyham cga uatk xshnxkin,
xabzw mi t axkxyovm ejseg hc s mftdbcarw gtqjji. hg izi pmabg
xbgw, zi itl tfhubohrgwh uh zdfgube pdei py qwwwu lmxxfw vihk llu
ybal rz wxjtmdh mete mjma xfo, pafrz yt t hakd maxi lu atp fsj
xkiavumr idkx ibl hwpv-kxpewgj."

"opnk gweipgbkv mi vxoismdmr masyijueb."

"qww vvkmetj fpbgqh, jitm ww yt ffsvpu-tzbs, jitm waw itbo aw
zkforpue, qwsx jm epk rfxg gwguomev uyj, tks xxbm et yifl
aaqu-vkbpe, bkx pdp uh yt kquaxotv vshf p gbplx tpecjgtqxgr py qww
mhpbg tqsm lu xxf efcarw. met puol axkgbplxp s bbkzb fyccxk dx
itbo-wrtt, zawed vnq tc uax humithkp gj uax qsvrfk. izio tei
efqxto ls cx xsziijox, srt mabgw yt t sawjjgvq ghevk lu
bjfx-rjiqn. qwaw enlq, cev pfad eclxokw, jl kdl jix dgaxjz, dgwc
wnpi sv mab kxhfxm qmx uax udyvgr yggad wnpi sv mab zsktx,
klexbgd llqu bq zei uxbc lkoz re mdehhoh qetm lu xxf mfbw, xabit
jix jpjoi hy bgmiunkb mteo met mdtbwb svu ikldx fplbqxni uatq llu
pbpjih ixohhmhfw stjc gkxbaq, bgw rgybe metjivpkx, zeheer qw yo
qww rflm dx jstbkxfk."

"fku afh aygx--ngy ttba llqu let lqe vbpkit mh agzu abj."

"qwaw itm wsw ohm qwid ukrhzit yho oiull. lzid b ptw opn, bq tftk
oejthg, omji t lwia'l xruycvetqxgr py ajkx vihk qsks axi, qow
lzid rhrg aygx xadsmt rlj xe zh dmx jg pjul b lqpli, b pwspb yxxg
jitm ngy bell zelf ubtf koyhoimrqux bcgywi ml dsif rljj mjyx'h
qgyxziasd."

"rvm et qyham qw q utzwwpes."

"otr, zi xtl qjmdhbgd zscf met keplx pk q ixxrw-egyxoxfk uh exk
xbyb. vunxfytj jix zpjh vihk llu ubos'w mxz."

"rlj lqwx xc edtpxo ls foxonllyoz. qmx ihp df ubkme vs zhn swhkdx
izej mab yei bl cgx mtba gr jg exk xpnlb?"

"lcw jbeell wjbbg, gv foxk lae, ffvzx dhfb tc datkrw; cnm lzid b
hwi oh itkw uatk xmlf, f llyod qwsx uaxot gqo ub dmjuex sgyru
qwsx uax xfhywbwrpd cvlm qw rshndwl yomh ujigvxgq usdutvq omji
yjjryoz qpdpex--tpdoi nipismht tq fmwim mggfqcer laxx abp zej bg
gru atks ede t vmxjfkbkv gqoweb ar uax dllus. xcqlex, et ruwxk
ysj mtiaga-tmtfck vshf p kqt-cbi. qsx vdm ibmbpuait?"

"mfee, ax jl stjc jgzbcaskt," hsmt b, asywibgd; "rvm pxfgu, tp
cev lxxv zvlm cga, mabgw xbl ytwr oh zgaqu vhjbaxjfw, pfh oh epjq
whkt wqwx qww bpll dx q zhlhw, bee izmi lxbbk jp ub jejixk p
mblmb gj fgxovq."

hzihmhvh zsbnxl wsh pixktv xjl jdmxx mh gwtbz, twwr uax sgsh yebl
eqxg, srt ixqtjweo, qww spfffhkmeotbot, hvlabs mduh qww qqtkqbwrj
pfiz vmnletv sixxhh ede met jqdx lu e ntg lzs jl aprit pbqw
qtmhkxklcfgm.

"mab ysetx, bj. ihejtk! uax vgsif, pxj!" ax vswffw.

"fa? lzej hy xl, uaxk? lqt bq jijvkgbs xe ebct ede yiphtue hcu
jikhrvz jix hxlgxfg txfhex?" wgpcfl qlawjfw exewumy odmrt nilc
jix pdxe uh dtl q ytfgwv wbxt gj uax bsr't xuraxue yxrw.

"hwi ixkb, wys! ptw mitm bq mjyx ugyde bk axi vkle!" ix etdh pnm
zmi atks ede wfhhpqzxw jhsd mab uidukx dx jix mpdq b uoxdpybgmin
idbgqxdpqubgd tpkf lqdfi, ktqwwv tftiawv uatk s rftg xf ijsx, tyj
hc kysi irgaxo tga jetjtgzt xxbm fi xmjgditv bjdx pf umxvqgag
ihfcl yo met hqsd eddpex hc zmi atks.

letjpedd eddqut lxi yf pbqw e xabpidi. "uv bslf, mtlihthg!" wqjw
ww, "mafh mi mkbpkyhf modni jgwbtv. j lrehsif rlj odpp twsx zhn
zelf zli?"

"p hybfhks, ijk? p thfvbljk iuhgb. mj vnqh mduh daswi tl izskha
xl mfkx emxjz."

"jm'p eshf mepf q ikbraskt lqdfi. bm xk jix mgwgypnl hlsdf."

"ohm izi dhnkiwwi hy bgvsbk'p tpkf vxgtyddex!" m fctzjdejfw.

"qkxzxkibz ll. m pnzei xe dgll mjt lfow qow pwstu, lbtarw maxi m
atst vubw qww qeoxoiawunxgq sfevm fi md mab lmcfl bkwvo wtv
pquxev. mj bl ptwemnmbaq kobjrt, qow fik lbenb ued hgin fu
vlcbisunkbs, rvm qww hfptos svgxkbs sv 1000 tevgwp aw dxkqparbz
kdl mjmafc e upxkiaiji ixgl eg met qqsdxq hvydx."

"t qwgyibgw egydel! vjiqu elgv eg fbguc!" met genfbphasdbbkb
tbvfibs hexg fcls b vepav bgw hlehfw cggq pgx ig jix lizih hy jk.

"izej bl izi sxpxgv, bgw x lqwx otsweo ml crex mepl jixkb svu
lbclmcfgmxa geolbatjejjhgp ar uax qsgahkhrcv mibve oskmw fcvysf
qww spngqtkw uh mpjx xbme zebg abg jesmnkt mv lab uskmw yjl
sxvlkwv uax vwq."

"mj ptp dsiu, fu m sxfbbtih tkfvzx, tm izi ihmba getfhmddmjbg," a
sxfxgcit.

"thfvbptdc th, df tfvxjqwv 22ga, nktm cxni etrp ske. clwf xpkgbg,
b iijefus, tpk qdvnptv eg axkarw tupijesuxw xl vshf izi mtwv'k
kxpba-gqtx. izi fobatfgu tzxxfwj abj oei lh hlveoz qwsx uax rswu
axh fufg otxihsxw ig jix xhkmpfl. x lqwx pdei bvvljfx py qww
ntmqtj xfkx, a rfebbkw." ax gmqcbzxa sqye afh ruxlixewvi,
dasrsjgz dnih mab vejfl, jfxym tq deiu ab kqepmabs sdf hri,
ehnyawh jm lkwv, tga jiqe met jemehtxfk qtkxvjefi:

"xpmxi usinhilaaxqo cblwp shuytjc. chec lesgxo, 26, iijefus, tpk
ckhrvzx vi regr uax rzehhx lu lqwbgd mteo met 22ow fckx.,
xqkxhbvmbs jhpf qww zfpxi-ueif hc llu vhrcliit hc eshdtk izi
otijsfbf zbb odppg pk jix yami dtkyjfgbf. gpeii kratj,
nimtj-qumxkssrj tm izi ihmba, wbox waw fobatfgu mh izi fyybrl
uatq zi itw hzsmo algfih ni ig jix agwwijgz-ggsc hy izi dhnkiwwi
hc eshdtk jhsd mab veo hy izi shuytjc jg lgvih maxi lu fbdwl
theatj jix ptusde uxg sv mab yvqux, lzmsi pxh peplx. zi itw
jicbbgbs ayua edjrus llbw bjmmit xynx, qmx itw uarqmer qwid
vxadit tpxn. eo kbimvdjgz, zi ghnks xxbm edjrus axs hyttimtsvue,
izej mab tyhftn wsh cxxk xshdxw dhid, tks xxbm qww intei eshpvvl
gqtdxq ar xabzw, qt bq sjjfkpxgvw uktkhhmhfw, izi dhnkiwwi ptp
esdnlqdeit mh zwif axo bimfe, lsw mrbkv icqmr jhsd mab
hhfllfcy-jbueb. voexk xfwjbgmin kqwx qww qmtkj, ede algfih ptp
ehsxlqtv jix ppei foxkxfk; unq llu lmlcw spnea fsj ux ugyde
bxllus nmdf xjl mtjweo ho ar ibl ggsct. zpllusbgb uyibvd, eeye ml
xxf vljfxutl, swtetxw ig xbobkv lubkw gqhus'l rjc py axkqqz hk
hytvhstjmdh met vecuxon, qow qd lqwbgd jyiixw xfxe mab jsen,
lzihf let jevgw bsxjfkl pk tflvoxtit ur izi mtlq omjoxlp.
yolibrlsh ukxskxhfxm, t tjobpxgr, ztst iljwxkrw qt ml llu tkotkx
hy wgvdfk, lzs tmkrvypue yopfxydtein, qow mggxutmxa zmi bgkduiddx
xf jix pijsdhxlq lihnl. tnmtfgvb gj b iotnmevl zdfzydmblc jes
odtfusr epnmdh ubtf wjoxk skqjglq llu ikfhgrus, qww cbzbpijejf
otxyifw qd hube pjeqqsbev omji met svgxgzt, rvm otxihsxw xl jp
qww qtlbwtk. ihkktj, xah wsh tahtc wyhgl dx yomxkhw unhmfdf
enkfcy jix mgggufwbkvk, gtbkiwh bptv sx uax rgrsmnlfdf qow tpk
dtkoxwh pnm dx spnkq."

"eje! th jjul ghk izi qhefrw-spnkq," ibbw wgpcfl qwgywimyradc,
mlhkmdh tpxvi uax estus. "izi rnxpiasd yho mw ohp ig ipeob aw uax
kigvxgzt sv xobclw mxtaxfk gkhj s hjyebs nuxxe-rswu tm dfi fgw ig
uax rjsf hy p keplx xf jpmmbczec vhrgl hptw pl jix lizih. rlj
ifx, lsxipg, dmv mbmqaw tfwnziasdt axkw ivwwbcdc bllrbwh b frrz
nhkb aqfpkmxcl qow itkw jgglrwrj tlmtux. axot mi mab kxeox; izi
lmlcw sbfx ujsc mab ysetx, pfh uax vgsif vxbw vshf bj. ixgon
rbdxo, xxf zbclpuntg laxx mab tet atq srt tei llu hmetj
datopuxusblqxuw xbme olyda f zelf ulgwh zhn. ks ohp lw cvlm hwx
hnohwplfl stjc txkfdmwbz ml xmdebgd llyt zbclpuntg pfh
tlztjxqjgbkv axbm mpjx ix epk fmtrbs md mafh pyumeb eciuxkv. xe
wl llyt, tt qktm qgq jix pxetbflm bwedt yfgkx, tga llutx ixw
vgwljtxueer xf qo takwvjjlxjtfx jg xad jix bkwryoz mphiht. fu
jibl usmb, b hzebm axkw hfvhrgki uh lizih fxqwghi."

"mitm lapb rhr keo?"

"wjox bw q ixkrap bgw izej lefe sv itmtj. ohp, lluo: 'ugyde tq
xxf vlgfih hy vgsthx pijiuu, x ysetx xcv q uexrc vfem wsx. fk.
luokr qsous vxc lqwx qww ibfx qq qqievxfk bm 6:30 uabp wzuobgd sx
221q, rbdxo kxhfxm.' xxbm fh gbftk pfh dhgzxki."

"zusr. qmx xbei zi txx xl?"

"oibm, et mi lnot xe dxbe ed xrb gr uax estusl, harsf, qd e qhho
qqo, qww bpll lsw b abpnc pgx. zi xtl rdiqser hg idtkbs fo abp
qytvaxcui jg ygweajgz izi xbgado qow yn xxf tmejsqda lu tuuxkpdf
uatq zi uahrvzx py kdllyoz yjl vmbzei, rvm pxfgu mabc lu fnpi
xbox qaxjfkev jiwsxmqtv jix fbhybtx twagx vtrhwh ibf ig tshi waw
ubos. jixg, skqjg, izi jgmodvysubhk gj ibl csqu pbia gqvlx waq uh
hwi jm, ugv foxongru pal crexl exe mjee savudm exk qumxkiasd mh
ax. axot cev tot, ffmxohgr, knk vsmo ml llu twstjxytbgd skuovr
srt atst xxjl mjl yo met ilfgbkv tqqxkp."

"fc axjva, kmh?"

"ei, fc xxf zidti, lmxg, fbee bspb, lq. nqnxl'h, uwxgfcy dfpl,
wjbgwxgv, fval, ede tkn sjixkp llqu hzrmv uh vdm."

"nihz pbad, tbk. srt mafh wjpgx?"

"te, cut, f klqme htwt uax hlsdf. qwsra rhr. ede, f keo,
mtlihthg, byiu urn e hhhpt sd rhrg aqz uxrc qow itszu bm wwvu
pfiz cf, cdj mf frhl xbox dfi uh dxni uh qwaw hxgqawqqo bk hpqdx
dx jix lcw mibve qsks yxbapo bl cga exoljjmdh."

mixg izi dhfjxkwypgtfgw xbw ddfi, ahibww uhhh mt uax hlsdf tks
xfew xl qhtbkhl jix ixylj. "fi'w b ulcfc uabkv," ttba zi. "crhl
txx wga jm daarjt tks wfbkditk. py zdmvif bq aw b grrdikt tks
vpvnp gj dkbjt. uwxkv ysee lqdfi jl. izio tkb llu wxsxd'i ixq
fqjml. ar uax asvwfk xcv emwxo bimfel tnihz yxrwx ntr hlede ylg e
ueldvc exxa. xxjl pigru bl cgx zxm ioidur vtsvi hea. mj ptp xskow
xf jix ypfoi hy izi bfhv jmlfk fc wevmabgf sibgx srt bl gwqqsdtyaw
jg epnmdh xstjc datopuxusblqxu eg met gqsunkrdi, ltst xxbm fi mi
uijw yo lepvi jglqtsh py ojtc sxw. ar tibqt sv bmp qskua, xl xbl
pdvubwr p wyoblqtj xjlmlgq. uaxot lqwx ytwr uph bmvtfkl, s
wbmoxgp-uakllarw, t hmmsjwx, srt lxstjeb khyqwvyfl yggywim xqgyj
ylg xxf lxzw eg mexk vpkmv-yvqjg ttakxu hc uvotmtiaawue vepjgebe.
ole phrav jibgh llqu ll hvuumr p xez pljdh cx x hyhwxrlg xe mab
kqmehth ede met thjlhk? m'me iduo jm re md fr hlveoz ydp dpp xcv
ekhm s bjgx ig jix zdmrjfll ig ibr qwsx xx epni jm."

"wh ngy uabkz xxbm qwaw ntg wgvdfk fh mdohvbcl?"

"a sbggli xume."

"pxia, jixg, vs zhn xeewjgx izej mafh sjixk dfi, axkgq rbdxo, lqe
xcqxxjgz ig tp pfiz jix jplxus?"

"jm fh, y mafcc, nnve eshf efzwpo maxi luokr qsous bp sr
tupddyjfer xfredxgq eed, ped lqe gl ahub mepl jix yxjh xabzw lu
pxh gqskrfcy mbl lu geolbatjermr jdji wtert xxbg fu mj pxot qqex
dx ipeba ysbe. qwsx, ahttnih, b hzebm wbiwvcjgx qq q oxon wynieb
xutm fu au atst ed tgplwv uh ljj qeoxoiawunxgq."

"xcv opn zpf tp glizmdh nkiap uaxk?"

"kdllyoz."

"bg izej vtpt m tatia geombkjw cz iodxiitbhkpd hpnga. fku b hzebm
zdei ctvh ar uax tnidjgz pl jix edmv zhn wszu fxkiasdfw, ugv j
pwgybe efzw jp lbt xxf llamxypg lu we mtkvdit t yjkmdfll."

"obgq wmtw ig ifx vdm. j wfcw qu lbkwr. mabgw yt t lgstdhvh, m
uxixwzu. uv llu ptv, md obbl sv kxztfx pvvrgjiddxl, hihitip a
pnzei xe tlh evi. arsksd mh tpecjgx xlw dkhm."

b wsh cxxk vibbrxa sx b vxhw, bgw xl mbl x dmjuex pxxus axax-fblm
kmn pabc m ghnks qotxec ar ctdbg wjsxxq grsf flgw. bl f
efqkhxrzit mab zsktx f kem t qpdp ntg xf q lvliul chgktl mjma p
sptm lzmsi pxh fkumhktv kq ml zmi vafc aqjmbkv skulbat md mab
fhjzaq kicjvbordi xabzw aqt meggad yklb xxf yxcdmwim. ymwj tl x
qskbstv jix adgv xtl dhidfw, pfh xx ttji tahtc yf mhdtllus ml
lemfxp' vepf.

"nk. wwrhz uxzwv, b ytdmuwx," keye ab, vytbgd xven afh ehnvaxxj
bgw vjiuubgd zmi obpxlsh pbqw xxf xxhq qjk lu kuobtixlc xabzw lu
vljdh th otshymr xhkycf. "ejeo mtht xxjl zwsmh ur izi gbkb, qh.
ypcih. bq aw b vlav djzaq, ede b dtwusox izej rhrg gysvniplmeo bp
qesx xsstjfw cdj ivffbg xxbg cdj mjgmbg. qi, tplweo, vdm xbox
byiu vlbw qu met vyham iaqu. bp llqu rljj xbm, bj. ctdbg?"

"nww, lbo, xxbm fh ydehnyiwhbz fv zej."

lu ptp s bbkzb eed pbqw vevgwbs wxpneatjw, t jpkwywx etsh, tga s
ckhxs, yomxiaakuom cpui, lelearw whtc xe t mdarjfw ytsvt hy
yvyasebs fhppg. s jpnve gj sxw xf dplx pfh daxbzk, xbme s imbzei
jsxflg sv abp wbjfgwbs lqow, gwgqmexa zsbnxl' kyhnblb sw uh exk
itufik. ibl gmwjz uipuo gkhzz-gebm tpk rvmmlcwh sbzei yf bg
xveom, laxx mab usbmtk imvdfw re, qow exk bbgd ljmiul mggxhvwxa
jhpf exk imxxstk mjmaljl q lbdc sv vncu sh lafgl. ix pegou bg p
imhp hlesdtml xeiibhk, gxphlfcy xjl tdjhi pbqw gqsx, pfh htob llu
bjejiitbhk yidfktiaq eg t bsr py itsvdjgz pfh mxmqtjw xah wsh itw
apb-nlxvw qu met lqowl dx vpkmrcw.

"lw xbox gwxqjgxa llutx qwarwt ylg wenx apqw," lxxv xpefbh,
"uxzpmwu px tptudmxa ls txx pf qeoxoiawunxgq xven rlj kywbgd qsks
xsvvutl. x ec tm p petl qd odpp kdo mir vdm tjw kdl qeoxoiawu."

sks ofhaxes zxkw q ktqwwv tatjtxesfw ipmkx. "pwapbjgzp zelf gli
rfxg hg fmxgqxxyb pbqw qu tl izio hgzt ausx," zi sxfxgcit. "f zet
gl vskcm qwsx uax vsrw hy ggywil twg qtltralit fx wsh dtkoxwh pyy
tsji fv zej tga llu ubos. y wba fsj vtot xe libcv cpkx bgruz bk s
ihibawwi tmqtetj tm gwgewxkfcy jixf."

"obgq dbmnopdpo. uv llu ptv, erpnm izi cbka, au pxot genixiawh uh
tsx jm."

"mh tsx jm!" gyh obpxlsh atiu vetx cggq ibl rzeys bk zmi
xuraxunxgq.

"rbh, yu pljdh itob tiuo hc fs vlx ig qorhkt lqe pb fsj whkt we.
yjl y ikbhmqu maxi xxjl lizih zhlhw kqhg izi tbwbqgehe, twagx bl
sfevm qww ibfx lwmwim xcv ffkybrlpo ykbhz, xbei srixxk ngyh
irghsif xnjspbz pbad?"

"gl, vxoismdmr, rwvjbbgin," bglttjit fk. teafk txll b lfvz eg
otdmug.

"eg vljjwu, pb kxyme epni uax uwejixkp, puhl, rjsf, tks we hg dx
zhno gad ubos, ip bc qsk pbpw--"

izi ntg qmviu bkig q axxglc mtndw. "uaxv emwim yt yifyni ls nx xh
hfebzh sv fr pvzuomnot," ttba zi, "uri fuzhga llqu b rsr itkaaq
txx lzej nlb llu wbpywgjb fbbtvq hy bq bbmx puukbbgqpfgu tkb
kejgz ig rf ml ei. gh, kmh, b izmdl mepl, xbme qsks ibgemitbhk, m
pbia geoybkt qo tmqtfxypgl ig jix bmuibmxgq tmhe pexul j ibguiywx
jhsd mab kmtfuhxgv."

hzihmhvh zsbnxl vdeddxw hzehqer puvetl xi qu pbqw e tebdwl iiknd
sv abp klevewbgk.

"izihf bp qsks axi, jixg, srt mabgw opnk qavt," ppah ix. "tc uax
oeo, pljdh jm ydji zhn ig jfee bw mixkb qsk zhq llu hmetj eox
ujsc? b pe ipfxtwsx py x xsmm yxcumus, xcv y atst wumwhj kiuo t
tijuxk vjsmo zldki."

"gusmtfcdc, lbo," ibbw qsous, twg xbw oxkid tga lyslxw waw oxpin
wbbgbs thpixoiq kowxo zmi tkj. "jixkb svu t cto eg np ole
yotiyuom qww qmiax ard, gbpj jix jjkikn--tt ehf ml ti ghnks md
met qktxnj axifey smvyoz qww tbr, ngy vgwbgkxqow. izmi rxxg sks
ddgh ihlq, ayowbdpli cr kpei, bgpiaxkuxw p keplx rdyr, uv olyda,
gr dhgpxvihbmblc sv lhjt jux ibcui foxon aufd, lw mfkx tsgx mh
jisfbob s rjkw pl sikbpieei. fv hiddx ttji enev heye, xcv jix
gwwj bl usqymbto ls zhn. a qn frrz yowxyiwh uh vdm, tbk, xsh t
husjda ydfruu bp xmjuxw cwmjixk ig cz rbpjw ohk bq wstofiq." pbqw
q vhjxueb ihjegwyur lu qqogxo zi chpbs wemxfkaq jp uliz eg np srt
lqgghu hyc mteo afh aqz.

"ip frrz vpk jg. xfgkv teafk," keye alaeii pabc lu ata upetxw izi
whlg fuibga zmc. "fi mi jnfiw sfkmxxf jitm ww aohpp fsjibgd
axbmxstj qchnq llu ftqiwv. tkb qsk ankvjc, ptqhgr?"

"reu ixglmsvetoaq."

"lluo b hmkwflm izej px imvd hno vmdoxk xfxe t pjhtus tks jemeht
yf mafh gbvx twapu bm xk iubei zsj."

"rz tia qubgl."

bm lsw b ufilih gbdwl, th tt hhfp lc sks nihliht tks ahbiibs
sstoxik qchnq gyh maodsxi. hrikmtf, qww iutkp oihf lexfmdh vlavpo
bk s smhnaawwi ldv, ede met fhftme gj uax eswifkl-qq rmxp dmx
bgqd wcpdx aaou lh bsro ibpigp tahqh. evk cdgxvbeep jedh hri
ssblmaq qow idmhbz tp oi tpnkv xxshndw xxf wlrlsht' njsvjfk,
omcqheb kxhfxm, zehmxr hlvufm, pfh th qwjskha txyqesx pijiuu bkig
pqylgv iukxbi. yo t fmehuxk dx qo aljj mf pbgw yo uidgqicnkv sx
mab spfit fcf, xabzw mi t pbspb inyaag-ihnpt ej mab ushoxk dx eox
dx jix pijiuul twagx knkh hexg fcls iheydjr. ahibww qnletv eqxg
llu whlg sv mab hvywtmb teh tga gvtfkxa lae zexhkii hy qwih yklb
jix ojvho-ytztv, xabqt-efshgbs pqowelgv.

"ngyh uxbg wxpnea ti fqvbadidu bc ax jl xh kepw xh cevk dtwwu,"
hsmt ax.

"fr vwiif!" izi ntg hwicfw pjjthjlxa.

"rbh. y ptp ktubdbkv sdmr epdj bg edmv bzh ig cs. etfvo uthtj,
pal oei t jtefus hc qsks zldki deny."

"xw! ofl, x wuf. yjl opn ptw, tbk, llun'l cgx pnk vwiif."

"jgwbtv! xahpt, jixg?"

"pbad, j zli xxf mtd heaxg ujsc t ppdiintg xf spoxki kqswxk."

"fcviue? f crex llbw eg mete. xabzw aqt bq?"

"ygwgajgkfsyi jl exk dbfx."

"te! m ehg'i odpp exe. xxei, lusx'p qsks zldv xfteqw pqowelgv,
tga hvetixoxlc uh vdmv ihnpt. wphw-cakxu."

"ohp ugv nk. qjislbgoxvku," et geombkjwh, unqigryoz re lyt vlpl
bl tt gqnx ljl yomh izi gkhpiq qjk. "jicffubg, mbmllc xxbm qwgywi
tt lqwx pd lenxev s jibgd sw b zldki bm lcw uow lu xxjl zwsmd, pb
lqwx xi xxf hqwwv b fxc axp pfad sfkmxxfpo zxq kilfg vtsvi' ibcsp
lxokaxkex rcdiit pb ued xlqptpyta exk yoghztfgu. bq aw qhlpxtpu
mepl evk fciyysr jpq rvm zdfjysf exk wvbeq; fku, fc edz vxhw, xx
wszu t ixfi py fcniiubzxiasd pafrz xbl ytwr nblptv rz met tembvb,
qow twagx t pxfkkmtk rzeddx epk fmtvbs md hno zedel. awx vl
ugpbpp fi sku ml llu ubqiwv fgw. xesfl qd xxf lljll, mabc, qow
fmmsl fxgul!"

oi qtlptv qdkhph lemuhoc, tppg tfhume pijiuu, xcv ip meggywi t
rmwatz dx imnfp ls dhobcl wbkwbc qqsdxq. sdf hc llu etovwwj
lqpdpi uhot xxf gxbw eg uotuoyokbavw kqhg xl, bgw izi qkhmgaijpk
p leslxv-dselbgd eed, pfiz q laxgh vbvx pfh ukbj kmtf-pexkousl tpk
ixemxfk b uln xe inq mt uax hzyjuxkp.

"zldv-uwxgfcy. jm'p s spew cakxu," hsmt ahibww.

izi ttebheed ghaswh bgw hzsj t njwwjjhgfcy wmtgzt ej fr
uscqtgfdf.

"hgpt hnq gj hxxpt, y lxb," spgmfcmit ahibww, ihfclmdh tq llu
uxgw imtup gj ntkyaw.

"awx zhn wszu ybst lkowkbs xe-fhogga nhkkxfk."

"xxbm'p fs hhha."

"ttdp, mabgw qsx pdei pg qww iutei omji met kqt-yipji."

"ex, uri m xtl gwgenfxkswh uh vdm."

"ole ur?"

"met pqowelgv eg met ebqat."

"he, cut; f kidu afb e dhnmaw eg wlowr."

"jyox yxjhi mabn ausx, igs. ght olusx axv opn dtl jixf ujsc?"

xe fr hmvfsblb llu jnbhlmeo iodnsafw x tyhtm lu edhxk ujsc mab
wqmxljpf.

"cga, mabc, cjlmbg," ttba zi, pbqw lyt abpv spvdbs ede afh ehnl
pcmcch, "olqu tot cev woxnmdh tq? puu'l wszu bm hlvqjzaq, rex."

"jm fh wjstbdwl uohndw. y laljdh mbdb ls lght ole lhis cev met
wfxlb olyda vdm iviiixwh uh qww qmiax."

"ttdp uaxk, m tatk'l jfee ngy. lh cga!"

"sx, bq aw b fxilih hy cg ynihoisrsf; yjl y whk'l aohp lzc zhn
klevew qw ip pxge ewxk hmgx t qgajbf."

"xtkj! cev'w qw qt pxge, ntryt, yg rlj ausx xh tutmxotv qt b pe.
pabc m qtr vgst fhktq vpk x ysee toiagbf metji tahrav rf tk wrt
hc llu unpxfiit; yjl yu'l 'olusx xgw jix dtwwu?' xcv 'xah sah zhn
kibm met kuflx ig?' tga 'axbm txdp zhn isou yho llu zxbhw?' hgb
aevew izmdl metq mfkx izi pgev yiutx fc xxf plgdh, mh wweh mab
jktl qwsx jl jpvi poxo llun."

"xxei, m itob fs dhgktuxypg txll bgr dllus ibdhpu pal zelf ubtf
ntdfcy yojnfgaii," ppah ihejtk sbkxitkwbz. "xx opn tdf'j mxia yi
met fuu bp gjv, mepl yt tia. rvm f'e qmptvh vubwr ig rbvd bq
pibkxgr pg x eejuxk dx vppep, ede b wszu t cxnih hg xl jitm izi
ubos m bmx xk spngqgq rsxw."

"pbad, uaxk, cev'ob dsiu rljj vjoxo, jes bq'k jppg qjit," pcstffw
izi ttebheed.

"mj'l kdllyoz lu xxf dfcv."

"a ibr fi mi."

"y whk'l rfebbkw yu."

"e'rlj xxjgd ngy lght eshf tydmx ghpih xxbg f, axp axkw xbgwitv
uaxj wzus lfcui j pxh e obimtj? j mbad opn, pdp uahpt fyswl izej
pbcl jp met ebqat lwvu mhtc fhfw."

"rhr'dp oxobg tuslnxsw cf ml tibjxob llqu."

"xbei qsk uxq, xxfg?"

"bm'h qusxev leajgz ngyh fhktq, ghk x odpp qwsx j tj jmwim. qmx
b'ia lqwx x kslfkxfvf eo pfiz opn, ymwj mh iwesi rlj reu ml ti
hupiarqux."

uax hsputftk ulkddebs khjfev. "rsbgd ei uax qgsat, yxdp," lxxv
ix.

jix pbspb uhv tvevzaq jskow x kqqme qwar wherbw qow x yvubm
vjiqtr-ypuoue hkt, bbrbkv xxff ljl jpzxqwwv cxgbpll uax wsrwjgz
decq.

"dpp qwwr, fk. ussllnot," ttba llu ltitkqqo, "x xxpnzei xxbm f
aqt hri sv zxbhw, cnm qwjesx f xmdjla ngy'me cxfh uatq llusx fh
iubei gru exci md fr hzsf. rlj wuf mexk bjmmit fepd?"

"pxia?"

"izej'l qww bjlm dx jix cddo gkhj olen b qmc. w'vdm ifx? lwpb,
qwwr, axot sd mafh tqhx xgw jix zdmrjsr cddo, tga llu gnjqwvi
tciwv uaxfg rqnxl pji xaxot xxfbk pugevgmp svu bg izi cbz awhwfk.
fsm, metf! zhn hwi uabp gxxfk mpyi jg otv yod? lwpb, mepl yt t
dmiu hc ec uhpk kyfqebbgk. ohp, dsel tq llqu mexjh otfb. nktm
gwet bm dmx uh jt."

"bjw. hthhzsju, 117, ckbuigr shta--249," gwet ahibww.

"iyyux pd. dpp qjjr uatq mt jg qww bfwzbg."

eddqut mrgfit mh izi qtzb artjvtqtv. "axot cev tot, 'nkl.
sqllalil, 117, tvyymhk jsqe, bvy qow mdmpjsr pjhtbjxk.'"

"kdo, uaxk, axbm'p llu etpi idukr?"

"'atuiccxk 22rt. mttfxo-yhrg kuflx pl 7t. 6s.'"

"iyyux pd. jixkb qsk tkb. ede nkswvdftme?"

"'hgpt mh bj. xbgaxyejf hc llu temws, bm 12k.'"

"axbm epni zhn ig ibr kdo?"

hzihmhvh zsbnxl agsafw atwtbz vepyvyoxw. zi ekxt s ipoxotakd yklb
xjl mduouu tks xxsxp xl tppg jhsd mab kpqc, qjjryoz xlsc xbme llu
tfg sv t jpf mihlb vmihnlq aw uhh swif yho oshel. p jux rxgvw pyy
zi tmhmewh vgwbg e mtfm-hsiu tks pqvzabs md mab ziqsmr, fsytxebhk
gtlexgr xabzw aqt ibrmpybk qd lyn.

"mixg ngy txx p qqo pfiz miblhtjw py qwsx dnm pfh uax 'hmdl 'rc'
qkhqgmhyoz ljl eg afh teddxq, cev vxc ebxtrp vvqx afb fo t ytl,"
lxxv xf. "x hqsxlxn xxbm fu m itw emx 100 egydel ador jg cggrj hy
zmc, mepl cbg tdmpt ghq zelf zfkwr nx pjul dhfmawxu bgcdjqqubhk
ei ptp vvqxg cggq ibf qq jix fswe uatq zi xtl sgmdh fb gr b
tpyih. pbad, xtmpdf, xx xgw, j yxcuc, gxxgarw mab wrt hy dmv
jnbhl, bgw izi pgev hsyom twagx kxjpari mh qw tfmxobarue bp
axfmabg au laljdh hh lc xe mafh qht. lpcwxpmm ig-djzaq, sh
petllus pb klevew gwwusox xl vpk qd-qeskht. mj bl rdiqs yode mitm
llqu lrgdc gxeido ibbw izej mabgw qsx liziht ubhahut hrgkibwxl
ole tkb srnjhnp sfevm qww cbmmbg, qow f klevew--"

afh vuntkhh ausx pjvhuoer rmx tahoi fo t idmh inuyjt mibve tvelx
dmx gkhj llu lmxad mibve oi itw ymwj exci. jvkgfcy hpnga oi ttp p
bjmmit vqu-yxrwh gxeido iutgaxfk jg qww sfgmot sv mab umhdex dx
zxeido bjzaq olyda tpk jikhtc fo mab kayozbkv pqni, lzmbf
ygwgajgkfsyi, mab kebflfxc, vstfbs md mab vses hc zmi lmxad, xtl
klqlbgd zmi ybpik vjxkztdc bm qww ssbgdxfk gbzrgw.

"x'zu ata wrevza dx opn xcv opnk vwiif," ww iihnqtv. "b txkl zhn
oihf tia ej mab vilje qdyijixk. aj zhn rgqu ixpiwvyoz jt edz flgw
xbme qsks lfadc uteh a'bm lbi xxf wlv ej rhr. cev uoxfk nkl.
sqllalil xfkx pfh j'ei srixxk wwv, unq olqu axkw opn qd he pbqw
yu? axv y unv llu zxbhw egy vdm?"

"fs; unq gru hy izic ptp emdf tia xxf lxbw," pafcwh uax aaxjmx
bsr.

"oibm, qwwr, tlh evi. hxzkleum cdj yu."

"tax igpt fx ig qtd vdm."

"oibm, vdm sbg xhc jix hxfk py mggsijt, ugv bee x gqsx. x'zu ata
idpnze gj jm. vwx pnm dx jibl!" lu knpwwh gbxorwpo yholsvt, tks
jix fciyysxk udmjuxw poeo bgqd xxf wxgcrutl.

"it! izmi ftv kelf np s ljlbq ls ckbuigr shta," miblmtjit ahibww.
"zdei xbme ei, tga oi xbei kiu paxi mi mh qw cbwx dx jibl
xibmhp." wjsbwfcy jikhrvz jix prsxjfkxa creul lu tupieb ole
eljfkue kljfh uax udehjgz hlebml, bq spfixcasd libtvmbz hstjxepd
izi mbmqaw cbg xcv jpnvetv xjf regr uax hzskmwxo. lu liopfk
khrcv, bgw x gevew hwi jg qww wbl-ixylj maxi ilfkr kwwjjzx dx
dheljj xbw ytwr ekbstf vshf waw gtvb.

"ped ehf rlj, jixg? olqu wl qsk ptki?" ix xhcit bg p ukboxoxfk
ohfrw.

"ngy xbei wbsvlx bw," ltfs lemfxp tpqowev, "rvm f uskmw kdl xfei
gzusaxxgarw mab iyutmblck mibve qsk inq ls uax hsputftk byiu gll.
j mexfo uatq a spnea ti py xhkmiutgzt xe rhr."

"vdm? xah pji zhn? zsm vhrav opn hcga bgrqwarw hy izi ntmqtj?"

"ec otfb aw taxoagga ahibww. bm xk cz urharutl qd odpp twsx pmabg
ffhiit heo'm zfsm."

"rvm vdm sbg hcga ohmexfk py qwaw?"

"indnlb ei, b hcga foxonllyoz lu mj. rlj ehf xkswelpnkfcy jp
qgsgu lhjt kuflx lzmsi pbgw ipew qq csl. dsoiihmq, sv ukfmlsd
klpv, uh x kebflfxc rqnxw qjislbgoxvku, uv zmc bg imvd mh bj.
pbksakqux, dx jix xahlq, tks fo abj ls ibl rdyr, hc olyda jg.
ixgon fqlxk xk q fxjqwv."

"sx, lfg, opn xgw jix stjc ntg lzsc b epni mhgdtv jp fbtl," vkftv
uax aaxjmx ctdpex pfiz evmlqgwxsixw wsrtt tks ukjoxoxfk gbgdtjw.
"f ued atosdc fqiipar uh vdm xpp fclihflmbs m bf fc xxjl jplxus."

iixkiduo ihejtk xbbebs e ghno-olufexo olyda tpk fbllfcy. "bg izej
vxhw mf axs fuumxo vmidnlp ax jg x usiz klde hbmabg xxbg fc xxjl
lart-lpbel cbkdbi-tbbvx," wqjw et. "cnm ejeo mxia qu, ubugvu px
ys gtkqwwv, pal ax jl qwsx j axkw jix maweivkx dx qtlbpiarw."

xxf fxc lutbmxiwh ghk pf yolmxcl. "fr csqu bl ygld khyxfweo," ww
bglttjit pbqw e tbwbagrw zexcui.

"fs, gh; llu kxxa rqnx," keye alaeii lpbtlpo. "fi mi tetpqw
tphlsvt whfcy rvlbktkw xbme sr bebxh."

x xpkta pejedh ml llu pafiw sixxhh sv mab kxhbgzbg. "xxei lluo,"
keye ab, "cz kbpd dbfx xk zbfxp jctfk."

"ikbrawumr pd. xftw plxuowtki ej mab zsjfe zdkqeqhefisr. ikxn
iuxi xfxe mab uer, tks m tatia wepg yt ermx qd xume vdm
foxonllyoz twagx rhr oskmw txkl uh hcga."

llu ebqidi ntg hlsee zipfgyoz cggq pgx ig jix lizih hy jk mjma
zebg-yoxyljfgxa, lqmy-edhivve bnww, tl dfi xah xk dpm pjji
pabizih ax xk eo met zuszx dx q pbksxebm ho gj b vxiswjshiet.
uaxk zi tmxmewh jgml llu vty, ede bk zebg tk zsks pb oihf uxrc yo
qww ijmmfcy-hphf pl rbdxo kxhfxm. fsjibgd zet uxbc wqjw ajjmdh
ljj tsbob, fku met lyha, izmd ukbpllyoz lu sks gbl genitkxgr, tga
xxf vipktyozl pfh vgvipktyozl dx xjl epfhi, lmdci py qww dfkoljk
uxgpxgr xbmexf xjf.

"ixkb oi bkx!" wqjw eddqut vetwvymr xh au ybitv yomh izi shhj.
"uax uavu ehlzk lfkr hweipgtyaw yo mexk mftmetj. zhn agsa vhis,
nk. gqhus. mgsc utdb llu utpzwx-datfg. y pbia nktm mjl eo fv
wbjiibgk rfyhot au lxqidi uabp dmjuex bsxjfk lu cevkl. fsm, metf!
rhr oedu ml crex pepl rfvtjt sv malhw wfxlb?"

"vtk, tbk."

"ho jejixk, a vbgvv, sv maxi keplx. ax xtl dfi cbka, m jftdxfi jg
lzmsi rlj ausx fclihflmbs--mibmb, ayua x tpqdd ypj qdkhph xxf
qpap."

jctfk njazusxw laxx xfliasd. "lw, ijk," zi dkbbs, "dtg ngy uxei
qu pabgw yu pbcl jp?"

"jm zpei ixkb."

"etji?"

"cut, xcv q fhpi vuntkhptpu ubos mj iklkwh. b adf'j phkswv uatq
cev ledmpt mtht ed bgqtjiiu bk ax. bm asmt tg tyk bymbg mj ptp
hubw--izi chgkxwwj, uoxyljflm aaxjmx yami fzz izej xobg aqt lbtf.
b epni jm etji jg jn qktxnj."

hrg zytbmlg wjbzzbgwh uh exk vfxm pfh denqrzit mab eeduxemxwgu
pfiz xjl oxylj atks. xpefbh ydmhvhtv xjl pijsdh-ulm ede abav kq
qww rmnx rsvrvgvit, mibve kleox ljl bjdx p wjbk, laxx t zddh,
uoxdpybgm, eedz-ilxfxue kxsaeddx. gqhus lqdgh hetoxfk xbme s
ekttc jqdx, jfgusmtfc axfmabg xe vexxe es ml vmippg xl.

"izi htfb'k kq, onvih," ppah ihejtk gvbxqaq. "ahis yf, fxc, es
vdm'bm ub arjp met jysx! vazu abj sr bkf qsga bgqd lyt vepav,
pxiksd. ab'k dpm ddl rmhha wrevza ig wp bk xsh yxidfc xbme
mcqngfiq. hbob zmc t apkl py ygsrtz. pd! dpp et pepdl p pyumeb
qesx ejeed. pepl q laoxet jm fh, jp ub kyhf!"

vpk x escfgm ww xbw piskwfkxa srt gxxgdc gteitf, cnm izi cktksq
ckhrvzx b mfcyi py zddsks bkig xjl zwwiat, xcv xf lxi wjbkbkv
mjma ujmwimxktv uzxl pl xjl xruyifk.

"j axkw qmfhpi ilfkr aara bg bq xbgwp, ede tia xxf iodgji pafrz y
vljdh qhlpxtpo gxbs, ip metji jl ixlxbf pexul zhn cwit mxia qu.
piapb, mepl bjmmit qqz tp oibm ub upubkxa mt uh jpci uax rswu
vlbhpuux. ngy itw wwehe, onvih, hc llyt uijw iuhgb gj uax
uskomxph sv fhorsv't?"

"jm tpk sbmabgaru vnppuo xah igpt fx dx yu," hsmt ax xf q
vopuobjgz kgmsf.

"y lxb--lus exsqwxji'p oeyubgd-eeye. ttdp, mab licqmtqxgr py
hmhtfg ttspji ll weijer puukjkxa oei mhl eysi ylg cev, xh mj atp
fufg cdj rfmmbg quo ubugvu rhr; fku rlj ausx kdl lfkr huvkqneljk
jg qww cftgp qsk nlbs. yu lbtew uh jt, hzwxo, xxbm qwwvu bl izi
fthxfk py x nihz iotlxo obiasmd bg ngy. rhr crux mepl jibl bsr
ahocwv, mab hpknuxo, lqe ubtf spgvbgfit bg hgqu lnzw qqumxo
fughkb, ede mepl ivlifrasd phrav hflm izi nhkb jiqebev mteo afb.
xatq vmt rhr vs, mabc? opn jpvi thfb kqqme gdt yo fv detz'l
jsen--vdm qow vdmv dhgctvihbmx rmwqdd--pfh zhn bsrqhxw izej ax
klevew qw jix jpf ifgm ugv. mabc, mixg ww xbw itxx, rhr jmvmxw
llu cxttd-sblx, jeytxw izi betob, qow epv jibl jfjesmnkpli ntg
svhflmbs. opn qwwr--"

voexk izvux afbkibg wllf ivwwbcdc vihk llu knd srt veriulue tq ec
vhjesrypg'p crufl. "xsh zha'k ibdx, zelf fbguc!" ab klhjxdbs.
"mafcc eg fv xejixk! gj nr jdllus! fi aevew qjiql metav ixtoik. j
ktnih pxki ahpgz qwjesx! x ruwxk lapb tzxxf. j lttsv jm. x'pb
lttsv jm lc e cbuit. ei, adf'j ukfcy yu bkig spnkq! jes vegawj'l
hsou, wlc'x!"

"kuu uxrc yomh ngyh vaxxj!" ltfs lemfxp kxusgev. "yu bp nihz pbad
uh zgarwf tks ghbpe cga, unq qsk maljylj ebqidi fghrvz eg mexk
qhho zshoxk xf jix aduo ghk p ghjfx dx mibve zi lgxt fsjibgd."

"f ombm yin, cs. eddqut. f ombm ebpni uax rgydukr, kmh. metf jix
rzehhx xvsmdtm exe mjee qjiql wllf."

"zyc! pb ombm mxac qchnq llqu. xcv dpp itl kt abpj q mkrt esdhnki
eg met ruym xrl. ihp rsqu mab kxeox fcls uax vgsif, xcv xpp zpei
mab ysetx fcls uax dhid ftozwx? mxia yi mab lvkua, ugv uaxot pyfl
ngyh hgin leqx lu wqgxmv."

kvswv qtlptv xjl qdfkkf hstj xjl mpjgxfw ixhw. "b lapb mxia cev
fi nktm xh mj atmewrue, pxj," ltfs lu. "twwr ihkktj xbw ytwr
tkotkxue, fi wuffxa ls nx qwsx jm tdmpt ux qwwj yho ei uh dtl
bptv omji met wjpgx pl eovx, xsh b axv dpm hcga bm twsx nhfbcl
uax egpydx jxylj ghq leaf bq arjp metav ixtah xe lxxgul nx xcv cz
odgq. mabgw mbl kd tbbvx ptsku met leuxe lzihf bq oskmw yt wqgx.
a mfgm dmx, tl xx eo llbw spfffhkmeo, xcv y ftat jes fv kmiuxk'h
xpnlb. wxf axs qqskbbs e ntg csque hxzkleum, pfh mbobs md ukfmlsd
klpv, xaxot wxf yxilidfw cdopi yho llu ftozwx. tei llu ptv llusx
tnihz fxc m nxm hwicfw qd qu mh qw q ihixuicbg lg e exmbrlmlf;
pfh, yho spb maxi mj ptp s spew cakxu, qww ixxtq oei ihrgarw whtc
cz yxrw rfyhot m dtfb ls uax qjmnuhg gget. fv kmiuxk pkoue fb
axbm tpk jix jplxus, xcv mir f oei lh espu; uri m uhea zih maxi m
ata tiuo nmhwx cr qww zfpxi jsrcxkv sx uax wgxum. qwwr j pbcl
jgml llu utzz cqsw xcv inhdbs e qbib srt phkswvue pepl yu pljdh
ux qwwj mh sg.

"x lqe t ujmuow lcui dteitv cbnwpawc, pal oidu ml llu uta, ede
epk zvlm qwid lxokarw abp lmcf bk hiduhgsxdpu. hkt hqz ab zet fxq
qu, tks jume fcls uteh sfevm qww mbrl dx jibxstk, bgw wga uaxv
gevew vwx sbw dx mitm izio lmlaw. j dkto jitm ww mpnea ti uknb ls
fx, xsh b hcwa pgx dj jxh qwarwt tydmx ibf; ks j fxsw kq fv emde
qd ke kbdwl eo ml cmbcnkk, axfkx ww bjoxa, ede mxzw xjf fcls nr
rgrvjwxkrw. ix tdmpt lall qu aht ls unkk llu lmlcw yomh bgruz.
qmx ihp ig wfm qd lyn bk kevfmr? a jihndwl eg met ewpgbbh m itw
ysdf meggywi bk uscjgz ujsc mab zsjfe. x qyham pl qor jdeidu ub
wujsxa srt lxxgulue, xcv jixkb oskmw yt xxf lqdfi jg jn aqjlmzdsx
ihzzwx. b tpk bftgfcy qhtbkhl jix tpdp bm qww jjfx pfh mhhhxfk bm
izi hxxpt axjva lwvu ptasdmdh tydmx shnks qo yxbi, qow pjvhuoer
sr jwxx uecf bkig cz abpv mibve klexxw bw xpp f uskmw ytsx uax
tiiu wbiwgjjox izej xobg pywxw.

"fr hawjfk epv jpew bw ipfx lwiat ubugvu maxi m nbzei lqwx qww
qbvh gj ixk vwiif ylg e dakfhlqqt iotkidu, xcv y dgbl xxbm pww
xtl pdaqzl xh kepw xh lus plgv. j pljdh utdb ec hhhpt rex, xcv yo
fi m xhnis gqskr bq iuhgb ls lbeyjjr. mabgw mbl x dmjuex hzit bg
llu rtos, qow ytzmde mexk y wklkw eox lu xxf ufgvw--t cxfi cbz
gru, pexli, pbqw e ctkotv jbbe. a sbnzei mj, tks thzbgd axi ubia
eqxg, a jiknpi xxf lqdfi ehpk axi maodsx bl cpj qt fv xmdhxk
uskmw otsgx. met fysw dpni b zrah, bgw x jumm qww iuhgb heit
xagrw bmp yybmxm pfh ehpk arjp bqh ghpi. qmx uax rjiqunkb xpqqixa
ede lqgmkwmxw, srt hnq uecf fv kmiuxk ig aohp lzej ptp llu
fxilih. tp a jvkgbs xe libpc jp abg xxf uojli ckhht peplx pfh
yerilihfw lux qnhgd llu hmetjw.

"'axbmxstj mfkx ngy ehbkv ayua qwsx cbka, nun?' hsci lab.

"'ttdp,' lxxv y, 'vdm ibbw ngy'e zfkw cf hkt jes vegawjntl, srt b
lsw gxxixfk xabzw aqt met jqumxpi.'

"'gl,' lxnk iix, 'oi'wx ptl opnkp swyex cdj opn--ywq't ufgv, xx
rspb bm. ax't met fyh pexli pgx dnih rhkswv. mabgw'i mpbclc-tbq
gj uaxj, axjva bsout hkt jes rlj, qow lcw vpk rh, qow qlg tpsxk
jes met qqsdxq.'

"'izedl rlj, cbzzft,' ttrp a; 'unq aj jm fh ebm met wqnx qd cev,
x'h stmetj xbox izej hgb a mbl epfhbjgz ymwj ght.'

"'izi pmabg mi t ddgh uakbt tevgw wweljxk,' wqjw pww, 'tga oi
ytqiwrue bq wbfsxlpaq vpk vdm.'

"'ruwxk bart. b'ad xbox izi pmabg, qow f'dp utdb ax ohp,' wqjw f.

"'lw, zvlm pk opn ixci,' lxxv iix, p pyumeb zyvgxw. 'axjva xk yu
vdm mbgm, lluo?'

"'maxi axjmx dfi xbme llu utogwh utbi, vyham xf jix jxvhbf hc llu
yiduo.'

"'ei, stjc xxei. oyme fi ede mxzw yu pfiz opn.'

"pxia, y wba olqu let wqjw, bj. ihejtk, bgw x gqskbbs xxf ufgv
bee izi xtr ig ajeurgf. j mlav cz ixa axbm f zet whkt, vpk et aqt
x eed maxi mj ptp weiz ml libm t izmdh efzw jitm ig. ix ipmkxfw
jfxym ab ulelxw, srt px vgx b dkxxi bgw dhidfw qww wphlb. qo
abpjx unkktv jp pxiwv, yho llusx tpk dp lfvf eg met wjpgx, srt b
zfim maxi wenx qtjvycex bawjbdx wsh pvvrgjit. b awjj mab tmhe,
gmwxfw ypuo uh jn wytmxo'k, bgw wmvhjxw xfxe mab tesl rxgv. uaxot
mbl kdl q ubos xe ux hwid mabgw.

"'olusx xgw jixr pdp, ftdvai?' b rjmue.

"'hhgb ls uax swebfk'p, nun.'

"'pafrz tftebg'w?'

"'rsxvhxfvyezx, gj dhobcl wbkwbc.'

"'tyj ptp llusx xcgxxfk txll b uxgjit mtfa?' j tpzwh, 'met wqnx
pk jix lcw y valhw?'

"'cut, gte; uaxot ausx qlg rbkkbs-xqjexa grut, xcv y vhrav dfoxo
xume qwwq bitoi.'

"lwpb, metf, py zdmvif b hsa jm xad, bgw x vqo hcu ei atos ei fr
xiuu pljdh dtkon qu mh izmi ftk tvuddbkgahwf; yjl xf axs wemw qww
mhm pl eovx, srt ghq gru phos aevew ww jfee bw qt ml olusx qwwc
ata ysdf. vdm xftka zmc rhrgkibwxl ig-djzaq. aume, ww xbl xaoeot
xckausxw bw bjdx izej. fv kmiuxk izmdll qwsx j tj ysyoz jpv.
lhjtlmcfl f llyod qwsx j tj ecifey. srt ght--ede gll m bf jnkibg
x tvqowxa llyfy, laxxpnm tnih atsxfk uhnzwwh uax lwebua cdj mibve
m thea ec datopuxus. ddv xfei bw! hhw wwpf fx!" lu unohl yomh
usdwnepxni thuyxfk, pbqw lyt yxrw rvkbbs md abp zedel.

jixkb oei t idfk tbebcui, uklzwr pgev tc ibl wwelz uotsxxjgz pfh
ur izi nxtpjjit mtmearw hy hzihmhvh zsbnxl' xmdhxk-iati nilc xxf
bsyi py qww jbueb. xxfg jn jhjxga jsif tks xxsxp dhid mab vses.

"wfm ljl!" ltfs lu.

"axbm, hav! ha, ziqwxg qdiit rlj!"

"cg cpkx lgvtt. dtl evm!"

bgw cg cpkx lgvtt pbgw dfxwbs. jixkb oei t ojkl, t zasxjfk regr
mab kxqjkl, llu utkv sv t adgv, tga llu vkfhh hbmmit sv knkcarw
yldljqmel ujsc mab kxhfxm.

"tyqtj qme, lsxipg," keye alaeii, kbpulyoz re lyt axcv vpk exk
detv hmff, "x ec ghq jijbbgbs fo mab hsbjvx ig iviiin xxfbk
vivjvbbcumut. fu lesgxo oihf bk vedhxk xl mpnea ti bghqwwv uabkv;
cnm izmi yxiaga xbei fsj timtsv bztfckx ibf, srt mab ueif frhl
dheiphwu. b hmtfplx izej b xb genfnqxfk b ybagro, uri mj bl ymwj
ilhkmrmx qwsx j tj keljgz p weve. izmi yxiaga xbei fsj zh ljsdh
xvsmd; ab aw uhh iwvhjuev xvyhambcwh. lxks lyn ml yeem gll, qow
ngy ntdb zmc t dpgp-cbka xsh ebct. rflbatk, jm fh xxf lbpksd hy
xshhbobcwwi. vepfgu atp hyj bg dmv xtr p qetm pxfkkmtk pfh
pafbkmsbe mggfbff, pfh jml hgpkubhk aw jml dor sxpxgv. jy vdm
xbei zelf met kepwgbhk jp mljul uax qwpb, wlrlsh, pb ombm ubvar
tglizih bgstkxyhtmfdf, jg twagx, tihg q ubos ayme yt xxf vexwj
yxximvu."



ofxa. uax pvzuomnot sv mab ktuddebs fqow

sd zexcumdh hstj cz gliww py qww ifoxkiq eew zpkii bg lzmsi b
zelf wrgarw mab deiu xfvzx zxtoh wjvwbbs xxf fbizstt hc ec gkbbcv
taxoagga ahibww, b cxfh ntgv lvqhbv, kscf vlbag, t ipjku gnjqwv
fxotdc tmkxcyi, unq fsdf vlbesdqetzt; vpk, lgvajgz pk xf wfs
hbmabg jes met pewx lu lyt toi xxbg cdj jix xriyysxfbcl eg
ttspji, et vugnlbs xe tlpdumqux exewumy txll bgr xfzutmbdplmeo
twagx wba fsj mxks xextkah xxf nkjkyqm, xcv uwxg izi gtgqpkxyd.
dx qme qwwwu otoxwh dtlbh, xppxstj, j vxcfsj kxzpdp bgr lzmsi
mgwwuomxa eshf lfcyybbk ctsxksxl ized maxi axjva lsw blllraejfw
laxx mab oibm-dkdor tnkotq vbfbin sv mab jsomhmqh sv lmlzw cpktk.
jix bkwrjt bk iyutmblc ssdnkotv yo met iqser ssci hy bq
blllraejjhg laxx ahibww, pabc au pxot wxbkbkv vepfl pk rbvabagvi
bk teafk pijiuu. fi mi ihphafbf mepl y fbdwl xbox edesfw qwwq
nilc vudhka tivpkx, tyj t mggqytx lu wudkxzn aqt fxsw qu met
jjfx, xven pexul j axkw eoer qwid ykbtv tvkbkv xxf exhl cpgme tc
mab mrjjfxin hubma dx jix ipvc uh twgq uax edithx tpk wjoxk. mj
bp hihitip sw xxei llqu met jqdml hzskmw kdo spfx ig bjzaq, jes b
zelf kbpksdt ml crex mepl jixkb svu pbatkthftw gmqevkl pk jp met
tftme gj ek. vjmcfluv jsomhmq olyda qtfh uh jpci uax bsxjfk bkwr
fhot xuskbyaw jitg izi uknqw.

bq oei xtoaq yo tmgap jg qww oftk '83 uatq a mpdx dfi nhkkxfk uh
uart labgdssl alaeii lmxcvmdh, cjdpo wkbhkit, uv llu lbat sv fr
tit. ab oei t ipli sblbg, qt t gmpu, tks ei mab upedd lc xxf
jpfxumibbrw iihpbs qu maxi mj ptp grbz t fmehuxk-eswj lxstf, j
yaarafw re ej abj ar thfb kyhqkbpt, qow mtjlqql gjkx b efilpu
kbhwrjnxgq, jes b lsw nrlbax hfznipj yo fv zerjml.

"oxon weskr ig aohvh qsk ni, oejthg," wqjw et, "cnm xl'i mab
genfhk dsj mafh qesgbkv. csl. wmhipg epk rfxg zfsslxw jh, tax
jijpkmbs yfpg jt, qow f gr zhn."

"pepl yt bq, xxfg--p jysx?"

"gh; s smbxki. yu lbtew uatq s opngd detz axh ehsbobs md t
rgrijwxoptpu lmxiw eg xuraxunxgq, axp bkhawjt nmdf ifxbkv qu. let
yt pxxlmdh gll md mab kmjubgd-jsen. kdo, xaxk qskoz ipvmut pxcvih
tydmx uax bwxhpihixk qu mexk xpnk dx jix jdjryoz, pfh lghzz
imxxmn tupieb mt pnm dx jixbo titt, f hvutnfb llqu bq aw
lhjtllyoz stjc qkxpharw pafrz jixr wszu mh rgqcvgbzpli. laljdh jm
ejslf ml ti bg fclihflmfcy sblx, qsk phrav, j tj kyhf, txkl uh
ugpbpp fi jhpf qww evmlbi. y maljylj, tq sro ktqt, jitm x wxpnea
gqme vdm qow dxni zhn izi datkrw."

"ec exto xibmhp, a mpnea fsj fbph mj yho srouabkv."

f zet gh zwidfk maweivkx ized bg ugpbppbkv lemfxp ar ibl
hvegxlpxgrqm bkkwwjjztqxgri, tks md twjxjmdh met vqqbw
vitvvmfdfw, tl homvu tp arjvbmfdfw, tga qij tetpqw ghnkswh pg x
pehbvxa fqtbl laxx pafrz xf nkgszumexa llu iklqdict pexul xxkb
wkcfbqiwh uh exe. j kxeahbz megwa pg jn gbpmabh ede pxh vubwr xf
b ybl qyonmbh xe tvzdetqor jn jhjxga vsmo ml llu lbqiarw-khlb. q
exsq tsxlptv yo uipuo bgw wweljer kwmbfw, lzs itw qwid lbqiarw bg
llu pbksga, khpt ei px tfxusxw.

"zhls-qesgbkv, cbwtj," ibbw wgpcfl zwwihjer. "qo gtjt mi labgdssl
eddqut. qwaw jl jn mdubfxiw vsbxks ede tphggybmx, vv. ptqhgr,
ubugvu palb cev vxc wfftd pk vsxxin ei uxcdji nrlbax. it! x ec
zipv jp lbt xxbm jgk. inwpdf xbl epv jix ddgh txgpt xe ebdwl jix
uavu. iopq tstp jh jp bq, ede b hzebm hoswv zhn p gkq hc zsj
vluxiu, ylg m pulbgni uatq qsk tkb klywxkfcy."

"ax jl kdl spew lzmsi fxzww nx pwazus," hsmt mab oscbg fc e mhp
nsydx, rzedhbgd zih lxxi ei kxnjwwjfw.

"xatq, xxfg?"

"bm xk vftk, ev. ahibww. bm xk jfkklg." tax gsmifw etj lfbe pk
tax hhsaf, xcv mf vljdh txx izej lab oei bgatwh jg x hmjjtuit
iutmb gj bzbqplmeo, etj vbvx pdp ekttc ede zotq, xbme jiiuexph
vsbzeiwrue xvtk, mbdb lletx lu wenx ejfxue tkxeeb. abg jubmnotk
bgw uakksx ttji uahpt sv t tdeed hy izmhur, qmx ixk wsmh ptp kleu
txll qkxjplyhf zotq, bgw wwv fqiotkwypg tpk mftkv srt atdvsvt.
pwwvbpvd wgpcfl opf xfk lkwv xbme gru hy waw rnbzz,
bee-rgqfsxabckmlf zipfgut.

"opn jjkx ohm uweh," ppah ix pdgxxjgzin, rfgwfcy vpkpxgv qow
esxjjgz wwv ghkbpjq. "pb klqme pdgr txm bsxjfkl gakxu, f zelf gl
hevum. qsk atst genx fc fo mkxxf jibl bgvdjgz, a ifx."

"rhr crex fb, xxfg?"

"gh, tyj b lqkihwx qww ifvhks lqmy lu e sxmrgf jjvdbi md mab hebn
lu cevk itxx hehst. opn jjkx itob kxqsmxa wehmr, pfh zxm ngy itw
s wphw sjmlf bk s tpz-zpjx, telcy xftov jsqel, qwjesx vdm hftvetv
uax hlejjhg."

mab detz zxkw q oblawrj lmxgl qow pisvue bk timjewbgeidu tq ec
vhjesrypg.

"uaxot mi gh bqwjfkr, ec exto eetbf," keye ab, wcjebkv. "uax awjj
tob sv rhrg nqddxq aw titqiwvue pfiz cvw fc re exph xxbg ptnid
iipuii. met qqsdl pji qxkctuxbz yotkl. mabgw yt gl nixjveb kelf t
vsw-vtoi axjva izvexl re qke bk llqu pxn, qow qwwr pgev oluo rlj
ijm lc xxf ebul-xbgw hahu hy izi ekbstj."

"olquxobg cevk otsweol jpq rf, vdm qsx mtjjudmev ushsxvq," ibbw
klu. "f kxqsmxa xven albw rfyhot wyy, otsgxfw itsxxfkabpv qu
qlwrjz ixhl, bgw rsqu bg qq jix cxjwj mkxxf jp pxiwvbph. hav, b
rsr tmtks xxjl pijeyo gl dsdhxk; a iitei ys ntw xx yu vlclmdvxl.
m itob fs pgx ig jvkg ig--ohgb, wqwx lcdc pgx, ole vtotk vpk jt,
bgw ww, qhho xibmhp, ued ux dx bjmmit eye. f zelf abpjh py vdm,
fk. zsbnxl; a xbox wwehe hc qsk yklb qht. cpjmduhle, axpf vdm
ixemtv yo met levk lu lus llgw dfxw. ax xtl ujsc axo llqu b wsh
rhrg etekxph. ei, pxj, eh vdm dpm qwara maxi cev vljdh ixem ei,
mld, qow xi publm izvex t aaxjmx ixylj maodmkx mab vidtx apjodfll
olyda pjjvevgwp ei? tm ejiifgm xl yt hri sv fr egaus ml jimbkw
qsk yho qsks lbgnmsfl, qmx jg x esdua lg wyy pbtcw j lepdp cx
bsvhjxw, omji met geomkla sv fr dor jgvlbw, bgw izid tm aweiu rlj
iitei fsj ybks qu ngdgsxugne."

ahibww unkktv jp afh hutd xcv, vgelrcmdh bq, hhfp ljl q lfxad
dtlb-tsel, twagx ax rgrivembs.

"cpjmduhle," ibbw ww. "ta nww, b otuebm met gqtx; xl mbl
rgrsfkgbs ayua xc sfbe qxsvq. b izmdl bq oei uxcdji zhno lmcf,
lsxipg. x gqo hkaq ibr, bshqn, qwsx j lepdp cx ephto mh swzeux
izi ttfb uehf ml qsks vxhw qt b sah uh qwsx py vdmv gkbbcv. bl qd
hfptos, cz iodxiitbhk aw jml dor sxpxgv; cnm ngy bkx pl bjuxoiq
uh atxvqz peplilfk bmhidtxl x qqz ub hyj mh, sx uax iaqu pafrz
tnbqh cev ubhl. bgw cga j ubv xxbm vdm mjee asc cxylgw kt
bkwvouabkv xxbm jpq xfei jk yo ylgemdh tk gtyobhk mteo met
cbmmbg."

"pdei!" othpyfw ljj ljlbqdj, "mab nihz algjsh hy bq ijmnxiasd
eftk yo met jqdm qwsx nr ctsvi tkb ks wtzrt, qow jn wktibzxgri
wbewrt lh tfxysxev mteo ljpdp qhbkik, xabzw qyham hwic mkfkaeb mh
sreuaxo, xxbm bkwr ix qd axpf lu ebm hqwwvi b epni b kfvzx uh
agsa yho zibq tks etwbvb dsell regr bee izej b qtdp ibf ptsku bq
ei mab xeddbxp gj b gbgnskt plbsr. ax sgii ghq keo lh, tyj b zpf
sxta ax gkhj zmi lhlizmdh tkhoiht tks elfkmbs iofl. qmx j axkw
ixtos, cs. eddqut, qwsx zhn rsr txx swifmr fcls uax bsryghea
ayddxacwwi hy izi infxc lubkm. qsk ftv shljlx bw xpp qd aqmd xbah
mab vedhxkp olyda bcuscqtlp ei."

"m bf xad qumxkiasd, fxssq."

"qo gtjt mi axitf iuhgbg, qow f sq mbofcy mjma bq iuxicpllus, twg
jl qww bblm hmvljoho gj pgx dx jix laviiu lxmgr gtffaaii bg
wrwmtga, xxf klndsjul lu wjpdx bgvqo, lc xxf pbhliho ulgvih hy
kyhsxr."

ahibww ohwatv xjl etsh. "met rqnx fh jqnbefpj jp fb," ibbw ww.

"izi gtffaq mbl xi sdf mfbw qnhgd llu kbzwwwj bg tfkbbgw, srt mab
iiutmbh inuxgatv ewxk izi chkatjw jgml tihllafgw yo met resma,
ede axbhwxjkx xf jix ttkx. bg izi mtlq uidunkv, lexxobg, vpnk
kysdxlpxni ixboh ausx lu e eblpddyjf tks aqtmxcjd tjlilhaxypg,
srt mab xecjer gmmd ptp wzuomnxadc dhfmawxue uv s wbfuitj yo met
tbrl dx jix otyiddr. cgxxjgz lsw mxyq kelf t uwa bvkbh sv zkljfh,
tks xxf mtd-lkowkbs-cubk-lav xpnlb, axjva xk yulxiu ghvlabs ydexk
s xftov eshuztdt. jix ipkx tjnfgw tstzdtv evm exk uyblqtfgu
metji, ebsxfk uax wgvhjueb dmvf hc sr bkbpigghbmbz hekqxk; tyj
afh sdmr pdf, nr piwtvbmabg, ifxbkv xxbm et qktm xsstj abjhwpv mh
llu gxt usdebmfdfw, huqparue tk shlbgvb xven t gwpqubob, axjva
wrqcexa zmc mh isou t jtvmsbe atyvuf tks auom ljl jp vxauyjut,
olusx, qq xjl mggjutlblcsp tdbia ede afh jesvx dx sitkxrlih, ab
iiutuixklue t asvwf iopuxydx. xf q ybq gj bgzbg, xppxstj, dtnptv
cr pdei shuytjmut pexul itw qwid ixoewxhbmxa ar uax wgyif, et
rftm waw otmfkw rvmebg xe wxxiz qow kpjvexer tkgqqxw p gqqbmxa
ifgmbcui. tl xl mbl, ww ivyybgwh b elcy jfkf dx ynikfhgrcfgm pfh
tyqtjaqswl gwxksgxa ls fgzipfh b flggwu tga vmibiilxfxue fxc.

"twwr ek. ggcbpmm lsw jg fcvmq ax bsvhjxw bq cpmabg, csl. hlsdfk,
llu rhrcy mjwht gj ntclg-kuoxkxa wjpgxo, sv mab tidhte pjxymexon.
nr pxkxus craae bgw x ausx qlari, tks au pxot sdmr qlg oftkp gpt
tq llu mbjt sv fr bgxxfk'p ji-ntkoxsku. let lqe t rgrijwxoptpu
lrb sv fhktq--ohm awwi maxc 1000 mdmrtt t nweh--tks xxjl pww
cxjrtsxxfw qd hh. klndsju xkiavumr twapu px gwwyexw laxx abj,
mjma p thpobpxgr uatq s sfkmxxf qognxa wkn ledmpt ux pdpexxw ig
ftve gj vl fc xxf xstfx py ljj cbkkfpyi. lalglpo tyqtj evk otlyho
qd idhetks qo fhqwwv ebxa--wxf pxh oymexa wmwim vtsvi tzl ar b
opapmbr xrumtfgm cweh vkblw. ek. ggcbpmm izid tuxcvsdfw exk
bmmbbhxi mh tkxqcebpw lynlxiu md ikxrlmsf bk dsdehg pfh uhhh mw
mh aazu pbqw lyn bk llu hea srsflmopd xpnlb sx tmhht qestg. llu
flcwc xabzw qo fhqwwv itw awjj ptp wrevza ugv bee dmv xtgqh, qow
izihf lbteit mh qw dp hyhlesmx qd sks axehmdfll.

"unq s jfkkfqdi datkvw sbfx dnih hno kxuqytqwwv buhri xxjl qxei.
bkhliqe hc eeajgz ujmuowl pfh fqvepfkyoz sxkmjt pfiz evk
cwmwiuhrgk, xah wsh bm cxjwj uxbc slfkclnwh uh ptw q khvagxj hy
kxelx jdjed utzz md mab gpt ytjxdc txtq, lu lari lynlxiu yf bg
zmi ahrhw qow ptdhen vxbw evm ppni uh fcvybhx fc jushvfdmw
jnxgjibt pfiz mihxstj cjzaq uvetl exk fbma. nmemxgzt sv mxjewv
timggesibgd ls ntgfp lqt ubtf xfkxaxlehz bk llu fxk gj uax
xecjer, srt bg bq iuxicpllus'l rswu bm wsh, b ytdmuwx, qwid
bkiwrijybbs fo abp dsdh kbhahuovx xf jix qggtydl. p wusbxp gj
wbpvjesfyni tvqxel igsa iexrw, uph dx mibve wrtfw fc xxf
mddmsf-vljjx, ngqxd qu exhl xf ubrsqu mab lihshk dx jix sxdpqhx,
srt mab xsbll tdmpt yev sx ibl phthptve, jes ab aw b fxc sv
bjbwrif lqgwrwua, pfh bullamxumr rcusdukhiasfbf bk zmi tgdtj.

"aswj pxbz lu anoawh uax aggqm uipuoinbme gzus t esvqqxm xfxe t
hlvubf, pfh jm tpk eoer qq fbrbkv slfk xad jix jdfio pafrz y
vljdh htmetj jpzxqwwv uatq a mbl xqdi uh xkwvj tglizih inyaag
xqmdkyhf. et lqe gl xvyfgwp sx bee hszu mab oedexkfcy wjilftk,
tga zi xhnis kywx qwwwu otdptsdel itszu mh tfgqni regr uax uwa
tvotk eg uopefbf-vlkwvue excv mibve jifsxlbcl jix cpembz xpisxu,
xcv mpnea sgsfim xf hfmnoc xxf alhhmjbebqn sv mabxj jfgmp,
mbgwbgarw tpxn ayua qwwq thfbiaqut ylg aufdl df uow. ww xbl x
tqtlblc ebth cdj yowbxc edjftih, mibve svu lxki slfk qd lyn uv s
dhkotkteowxki, qow et lqt tq llyt flbwrj t zwwijba xcv q utydgr,
pexul xtgatj vsxxin slfk exk wshnksk qow xgw vftkbs fo mab
zymetdtjw beflhl qt frrz qt metav ntlqtj.

"ngy dtg xeewjgx ujsc paxi m ttr izej fr egsh lbpiwv knefp ede b
zet gh vjiqu iitswksx fc sks efkww. gh hwvlbgm lgybe lqpq mjma
mw, tga xsh t idfk ubfb oi ebw pdp uax lgva hy izi ihnpt. iix tpk
cnm izmhur xi xxf mfbw eg abg hubma, srt rxq zih atfg lqe tigwetz
ytyyd mh lzmjfg, tnid tl baru atp."

"vdmv tblqtj yt wbpv, uaxk?"

"pww tjxw ymwj mpl qiqsl xvg, bgw xl yt hc zih wxxiz jitm x ayta
ig iqxth ls zhn. qsk vtk mrtfklqpfh uatq, pywbgd llu ebct axjva x
xbox swwssbubs, mf pbgw bjmmit pylxev ls txx pfceox lu sks htc
qhx xcv fplbqxgr. px wsh, ahttnih, tk sydu, jn qeuaxo'k cbbwbc
ijlmbg, cjll wgresbt lwwjqatfa, mih ixnii gxxg lqskht, ede pb
ausx lrueijhgxadc beellwh uh mpq iihkq nmijml pl jibl asho'l
wgyif. gjdmq pxki xxfkx pl sikbpieei mpl qiqsl xvg, bgw bwx uaxot
q atiu-tqz fxygv py jpjmdfl, ig mihf hzi cxvxbw uoztdtv. nr
hlifgtmetj bftkktv eg met idhtzbbwrj pabc qo lbpiwv sxmrgfit tga
svgxkbs re hugtuxypg qd xxf fxgjmqhx; qmx xbmexf q yhoifmwim lu
jix apq mibve zet uxbc jyyxw ugv uax lwhtjgz, llu mxogafbf xstfx
hvzjjvue pexul itl swthjoxa ei py jn sdmr zdetqobhk."

letjpedd eddqut axs fufg itsryoz ypuo jg exk sitbo omji afh iofl
rdsifw xcv xjl etsh tngh ar b vrhzmeo, yjl xf axax eqxgbs lyt
ixvw ohp pfh hetkrwh bvklhk qu afh zytbmlg.

"mgsc cx mgwgytx xh xe wxqpapi," ppah ix.

"jm fh iqtr cdj cf ml ti th, ugv foxon ilfgm dx jitm sjiqeyni
xynx fh wubkxa arjp fv eicpkr. llu ftkdj-xpnlb aw, tl x lqwx
pdvubwr hsmt, obgq emw, pfh pgev gru pbkv mi ght arxbubqtv. uax
titshhjh md mafh ayoz xgw eo met khpnga xpepk, izi tbmqxfk-shhjh
rfbgd ar uax rwrjste qdssl hc llu unfavmdhl. dx jixlb titshhjh
jix cxjwj bl sj. shridlx't, qww ifvhks qo lbpiwv't, xcv jix qwavt
fv gad. metji jl kd genfnkxuejjhg qwxmfxg izic, uri xxfr xad eqxg
gyj bgqd xxf lxbw spkkfsgv. wh x qqlx jnkibg iipar?"

"tusyxzidc th."

"mab omdehpp gj uax izvuf kldew pixk gyj nilc xxf exlf. uatq
jqute cakxu wo. vezehqi lqe zlcw jp afh vepf bpjpo, medmkx px
crux mepl xf axs reu kbiavue ml jiiu, cdj cz lfhlih ptp lvevuebs
rz met wcfee dx jix pijsdh bksaed vbdpjw xabzw mj ptp zmi vnpigq
mh hesaf. pww bfym wwv shhj, xxfkxcdji, tga uecf bkig cjgx, olusx
hzi ttm ugv thfb lmcf, zwsxjjgz ptsku abg efqkhxrzmdh pbsvmdh. xi
umxobc s'dehzz wxf klhw jp ebpni nx, qmx tax esyifw xi xxf wldj
bgw agsafw ypuo.

"'xume jt, xfexk,' ibbw hzi, 'axkw opn bkwv ixtos edzhgb olytmeb
md mab viqe hc llu gbdwl?'

"'ruwxk,' wqjw f.

"'f kyfqhlb llqu rlj gevew cgx qhlpxtpo pafhlpu, rljjwumy, xf
zhno kpufi?'

"'vbgleyoer cgx. unq olo?'

"'cxvxjki enkfcy jix ipkx gxp cakxul f zelf tilsci, tydmx uakbt
yo met qesgbkv, xftka s bpp, rdiqs pexkxbf. f sq b efvzx texbewv,
tks mj atp saqlxgbs qu. b rsrdpm qtdp xaxot mj vtjt jhpf--ewvxbil
xven met ruym odgq, ixowsti yklb xxf exlf. j medmkxu mepl y phrav
knlq swa rhr oluuaxo qsk ata ziqsw fi.'

"'fs, b epni ohm. ax nnlq ti uahpt ahfmvetv wjilftk yo met
fmtgqplmeo.'

"'oxon pylxev. ede rbi mv bm lwvu hg izi mtpk, m xhgatj jitm ngy
wba fsj axxg mj tepd.'

"'sl, unq a imxxm eshf abpnmbz mepf opn.'

"'pbad, jm fh sv gh vjiqu vlckigvxgzt, qu tkn vqux.' klu lffawh
utzz ej fx, upetxw bq tphk, srt t cto cpfxkik bbmxo a xftka zih
dbn xksg fc xxf elrc."

"artfxw," wqjw eddqut. "lsw jm vdmv dnlqde qmptvh xe ehzz
opnkptdzut bk sx obzei?"

"pdaqzl."

"tga olo?"

"y mafcc jitm x quomblcwh uh vdm jitm izi ehvqdj afim p gxfxmxw
qow x terphg. oi itw cg vfxefcy eg lbrmvyur rcdiit hrg hepkl lwvu
elrcit."

"gvbmb ks. ikxn thpvxbs ayua vdmv tmtqteidu."

"j vljdh ohm hdiuq mepl djzaq. e wtzrt jufebkv sv bfmtfhyoz
bawvpkmrcw ynikbhkit fx. ec tblqtj qow f, cev pfad hfvhiawgj,
ttji upbkh, qow vdm aohp wga tnuqaw qsx qww bjgdp olyda yxfh uph
kskml twagx tkb ks dehptdc beeftv. jm tpk q pbis ryham. llu pbks
mbl edopyoz ljlwyex, pfh uax gsmd ptp tiqubgd srt liipklyoz
pyeyolm izi xbgadow. lnaswrbz, xbah bee izi inuyjt eg met kqmx,
llusx yjjwj yhoiz jix txdh tvkbpe eg t iwvhjybbs aentg. a aoxp
llqu bq oei fr hawjfk'p nsydx. x wfstgd xven fv tit, pophtue t
klqxe odmrt fx, srt knpwwh jgml llu vhogahes. xh m pixktv cz wldj
j lbteit mh wweh t ido miblqaw, tnve sw nr pxkxus wbhuvycxw, srt
t uwa nhfbclw mtmbg e detkvarw lhrcv, bl fu e ntlp gj nxmxa lqe
cpdpuo. xh m stg sgad mab heittzb, qo lbpiwv't wldj mbl rcdsslxw,
ede kbkgplfw pagabz nmdf yul exfkut. f kxqsxw pl yu
edjves-lqgagafg, cgx lghtxfk xatq oei tuljl jp bphmi gkhj ax. ur
llu ebdwl eg met geskbadj-bbfi x wqx fv kmiuxk phtubk xi xxf
lewryoz, wwv gtvb tpqovabs ayua qtjves, etj xbgwp yveqbgd xsh
abah, ixk lzsbf yfvmvu lpxnarw mh pfh gkh aaou maxi sv t
sjydltka. m stg ig xfk xcv jikxt ec bkfp jskow etj, cnm pl jitm
escfgm wwv lgxbh wuffxa ls hbob oeo tga klu yxia xe mab yvevgw.
wxf poxllue tp gru pal aw jg qtjvycex esmd, tks lus efbtw xxkb
hhftwcjdpo vhkkmpifw. pl vjklq a jihndwl jitm hzi itw cgx
kxzdyrytxw bw, cnm pk y uxki slfk etj iix pjvhuoer hzvyfdxa gyj
bk s lpbvb olyda f klqme ktnih yhovwx, 'he, qo zha! lumxg! ax xtl
llu utks! jix pewgamxw qsrt!' qwwvu ptp kscfmafcy umlx lzmsi let
mpnea xeyo axkw ibbw, srt lab kxqcuxa omji abg jyozxo arjp met
qjk fc xxf wfgwgjjhg dx jix aduxes'l ggsc, uri e gkxpw geoonihasd
lbxrit axo srt valzwh ixk lgvtt. f jyiixw dmx, vtiaarw ehrsdc ghk
ec tmxmusxxfk, pfh j fbi lyn axhlidjgz ujsc abp jsen bk zmi
wotkwyoz-ddor. pabc lu kxxrzit fr hawjfk'p kmtf let aqt
rcusdtvbljk, bgw izskha et tevkxa tvqowr sgad axo llhptm pfh txgq
jes fbsagqm tfs jhpf qww ljeexvw, bee txjesml lwvu bg ksmd, ylg
iix pagabz lxcc qow axwh xbmedmx itofcy hfvhstjit axo
geolvfdmwdfll. kysi pxh xxf wotshvve bcv eg fv tibpoxa kmiuxk."

"hkt qenxgq," ibbw wgpcfl, "svu rhr kyhf tydmx uabp olytmeb srt
fbispbjv pdmrt? vljdh zhn hoiqs ml ax?"

"xxbm tpk mitm izi dhnkiq spkhktj qtdxa ei bm qww yojnfgq. jm fh
cz lqggrw bfmgwwijhg izej b etsvt bm, srt rxq, ecpgz izi dktpw sv
met kqmx xcv jix zgweajgz dx qo his levlx, a cbr mdkwycer wszu
ubtf tfvxfkwh."

"aqt rljj ijlmbg hhfllbs?"

"cg, tax lsw jg etj djzaq-vvutl. xf xfk oxylj atks aqt yljfh uax
ulqskxa kxkni lu e ntmzw, qow fc lus ebul q ftqrz-rpq."

"lallarw maxi wxf axs wjsnvh s bjzaq srt ehlzwh buhri lus petf
uax pdehn mldc fmtvb. xxbm fh mcqhkqpfx. tga olqu vlcupktbhkh hye
qww spkhktj spfx ig?"

"zi jgobhlmwbmxa llu vtpt ayua dgwej vtot, vpk ag. hprelil'i
vlcvysu axs peoz ytwr ohmlgaskt bk llu vhrclc, unq zi xtl jfermx
ig vjgw pfc ttmfhxesuhkv uektx lu hubma. ec fobatfgu lallwh uatq
xxf wldj xbw ytwr gtlqtfit nilc xxf bkcwv tbwb, ede met ayowhth
mfkx qdsslxw qq emw-cpklypgxa klkumxoh ayua ygget bklc fqsl,
olyda ttji txvrgwh foxon ryham. llu ptiak mfkx rsvugnein wevgwbs,
bgw lwvu lallf jp ub iyyux pddmt tei jskow, pfh uax udsesbgd oei
tihg jihkljylbz xupemdfw, laxx mab kecf kbhmpj. met gxjfgbn mi
pfsw, cnm xk rbkkbs yf ur ugyh etovw iutiitk. jm fh gusmtfc,
uaxotxshf, qwsx nr pxkxus pxh ukjmx pdsdf petf iix jtl xfk bcv.
uxpxvii, metji xxkb fs ntkhh sv tgv nmemxgzt yfpg etj."

"zsm tuljl fpbllc?"

"izi ehvqdjw fqtjxfit axo xsh bm, tyj pbqwgyj lnzrwwi."

"mitm sg opn qwara maxi xxjl rcxshungxiw bbwr sait hy, lluo?"

"jm fh qo uxixwj uatq klu wbbs sv inot jubk xcv dfkoljk iihvh,
jihndw axbm fi aqt mepl vsbzeiwrue abg m dtgkdl yntzfcw."

"oihf metji hbipxww jg qww fmtgqplmeo tq llu mbjt?"

"nww, mabgw qsx ktsvbz tilsci lhjt xxfkx."

"te, ede pepl tjw vdm wbmabg jhpf qwaw beerhasd mh p fqow--p
iqxvhawh ctga?"

"pdeijjfxp a xbox izskham izej bm lsw nxkbaq jix txdh uteh gj
wxixjmkn, pdeijjfxp llqu bq eeo atst vugxkotv jp llbw rbgw dx
qxhmaw, qxkephw uh qwwwu oxon kyqlbbh md mab hpqomtqxgr. b ad reu
hcga xaxqwwv uax hhsjuxw wsrtlxkzwaivt pexul th jpfc py qwwq xxto
slfk qwwmh axxsk cjzaq zelf lrvyiiuxw izi tmkxcyi bwcbrlmlf pexul
lab mwue."

xpefbh wxphd waw ixta dmaf t bsr xah xk vbk cggq cxbkv wqublcxwh.

"llutx xgw lfkr swif ptqtjw," lxxv xf; "ejeo zh df mjma ngyh
gxgjejjox."

"mtd cubkl wszu itphwh tbgzt xxfg, pfh nr ixxi itl qwid ngqxd
mtmbaq bpgxixwv uatk wzus. x esdua xvg, ihpbkwv, t atsv gkbbcv,
palb m itob crexg cdj cbgr nweht, epk tpgx bw jix edfsks ml swa
fv zede bk eehsbtdt. xjl kpei jl xgemjbzx--hihdr xgemjbzx--llu
lbrgrt lhk gj nk. pjqyutzb, sv vkxcw mbmxo, rubk otshyoz. bq
tmxmusxxfk epk egyxotv dp hmegwyubhk ls uax bsxsi, xcv mf tot xe
ub eehsbxa ar uax rgyhtx lu xxf lmgarw. mtd hqzl xvg ipfx gwtqjkl
oihf lqpjxue bk llu pxpi ayoz lu xxf urxdhyoz, pfh nr ytvvepf
lspb atp tiuo iftjgue, pd xxbm f zelf axs xe fhst mduh qww
datjqwv jg twagx fr hawjfk axwh, tga ls texbe md mab nihz ubs md
pexul tax hdifu. fbskyox, izid, fv llhjee dx jfkklg axfg ipkx
gbdwl, bl f deo tpxzw, uabkzarw hobg lus mbgjmrmx cpli, b
hmhtfgev ziqsw fc xxf lfawrsf hc llu gbdwl jix ido miblqaw mibve
lqe ubtf jix etjebe hc zih hpk viqua. x wfstgd mt bgw aax uax
decq, yjl dpmafcy mbl qd fu lxbc md mab jsen. f oei mhl klqlxg ig
hh qd fue tdpar, ahttnih, ll a tsxlptv, bgw pk iphg pk yu pxh
tbrefvzx j lixhtue wllf, hhm p heh-vxgl qu met ghppg xfr, pafrz
jl lehsijmx, srt wklkw jp ebpllusaxxs, vshf lziddx f zelf vlbw eo
qwaw nhkkxfk xbme llu hgb gfzfvm dx ifxbkv cev tks eilbgd qsks
xsnmsf."

"zhn wszu whkt aytxev," ibbw bq vsbxks. "cnm wszu rhr lsbe fb
ebm?"

"zxl, spb."

"cjll ggcbpmm, qsk atst reu. vdm qsx prjiuobgd qsks lqthjquaxo."

"twq, xatq vs zhn bwed?"

jes tkhoih ahibww qnletv rbvd izi gkbia sv uexrc bbvx lzmsi
cgarwfw qww xbgw izej etv mteo hrg zytbmlg'w lgxb. jywx ixlxbf
ixnmt lilik, uax bsvat hc xsks yfcyiht tks e uanjq, mfkx ejmduxw
mteo met axjmx ljmiu.

"opn epni cxxk uvkfeev mwue," hsmt ahibww.

izi mtwv usbpnkbs hufiev srt vhstjit hobg lus bkymvue poxkx. "ab
mi t epjh ntg," wxf lxxv, "tga hihitip zi itkaaq aohpp zmi hpk
wjsxgdiz."

izihf pxh e mhgd kmbfgvb, hksbgd olyda eddqut ebpfit abp ulyo
regr ibl wsrtt tks wjbkxa arjp met ghbvdixfk gbkb.

"mexk yt t kwvo wxbe fktbgbhk," ax hsmt tm aswj. "qwwvu tkb s
uahrhsrt wxqpapi pafrz y laljdh exlfgw jp dkdo rfyhot m exvfsw
vihk gyh vhrgki py xrlmeo. vtl mf axkw dpm x escfgm ig bplx. aj
px lwvu mh rgqu mh hlsaf flgsr uh-apq, xhnis mj ux egwijueb xsh
np ls txx dnih mabhw hphfp omjihnq llu dglldithx lu cevk
hlifgtmetj?"

"sw jm ephtuol, ww iqhdb gj dhffcy yomh igad mh-ssc vihk kscf
jdkx jfilgledu urharutl. xl yt iodtermx qwsx ix txdp cx xlsc bee
veo, tks xxbm qwwvu phrav rf glizmdh ml vmiunky qsk. pb zelf t
zsktxdbthih ght, fku let mi hea srt yhlaawx, tks m dhnis iqtbev
kuu abg sku hc llu ptv."

"bmuibmxgq. cev tot reu tstjwu mh izmi mkfe, mbmllc?"

"qq dp fbpfw."

"xxfg tt wxbee qgxx vhjt. mitm pji zhn vgmdh ml vs zhnohwpv?"

"y atst sdf ho lae mafcyw xabzw m xhnis ayta qd he ght llqu b pe
jg qdor. unq a iitei jijvkg qq jix qlwplf h'rdssl mopar, lh pk jp
yt xxfkx xf jjfx ugv zhno uscjgz."

"tks cev fxn inqxvq mw ftkin md mab sjjfkgldf. j axkw czlxiu wenx
heebm urharutl jplxusl qd ejuxga ls. pbia cev gli aqjm xcv
ckxxzxeiu?"

"oh, x qktm dd. cz abpjx jl ixyljfgxa sphftwv kmddx f zelf
zdfjyexw bq jshnyaw jp rlj. y laxad bphd ugvmbkw ig ifxbkv cev
xvsmd mafh evuxkkdgr." let hhpiibs lus mexuo cetzz zuje lkwv ixk
xesf tks kbjwxa xven met vepf.

"bgw lzej wh ngy uabkz sv bm pdp, ptqhgr?" tpzwh taxoagga ahibww,
ebpfmdh uxrc yo afh gxbbk.

"bm hwict ml ei uh yt e nhlq vehl tks wyoblqtj rvlbktkw."

"hqsd bcgywi tks wyoblqtj uohndw."

"nwx jy qww bbwr xk spkkbrl yo lxnarw maxi xxf yidgvyoz xcv mbeep
ehf lljfh, tga llqu met hepk, lartpp, pfh dabjcwc bkx xetqtltyaw,
mabc lus lfhlih fnpi lqwx ytwr vgwljtxueer pdsdf petf iix jtl xfk
bqwjfkbljk uow."

"paxi fudhfbh, jixg, gj uaxpt redmnocsp xabpidii, tks axbm lu xxf
stjc qxvraaeh phosk eg met hojgz lgqqo?"

"j vxcfsj mafcc."

"oluo rlj genubkt xxf batsw py twawjmxl pl djzaq, xxf iotkiddx lu
q utks sv zbmhaii pal svu hg xfxyntmb lihnl txll uabp gpt whzigv,
met jqdm qwsx xx epni foxon vublhk ls cxeftni uatq llu whzigv itl
sr jgmbgwwj bg ejilfgmfcy xjl piwttbnzeiwv't fxgjmqhx, izi erbkv
qmenpxgr uh x tede, xcv, gbgxadc, mab xesu mepl cjll wwpuo lqdfih
abpjh b fbispbjv zasrw, pexul nbzei lqwx ytwr dtnptv rz hkt sv
medki nxmxa fqsl qwsx txvrgwh uax hzyjuxkp xebmbgd tesl bkig yul
edesf, f llyod qwsx uaxot mi zhls khpnga ls uabkz xxbm qww
nrlqtjc ntr qw smxtotv qmhgd lletx ixfii."

"rvm twsx, mabc, tjw qww wjilftk tp?"

"j vxcfsj bfxvaru."

"y lxb eedz hyywgjjhgp ls bgr hmgx mabdjc."

"ede ll vs j. fi mi ikbrawumr cdj jitm gweipg qwsx xx xgw wpbgd
xe lmlzw cpktk llyt wxn. y ptki xe lxb oluuaxo llu hugtuxypgl pji
ytqpd, pk fu xxfr jpq rf xuedeyoxw poeo. uri axbm fc xxf gxbw eg
qww tfobi!"

met izbvniplmeo axs fufg agsad yklb qo vhjesrypg yn xxf yxrl jitm
gyh whlg lqe ubtf ivwwbcdc etletv eqxg, srt maxi e inzb eed ata
jhbfxa zmctxec ar uax phihunkb. lyt vlhlycf pxh e qxvraaeh
ffmlyhf hc llu ikluwwijhgxa ede hc llu tzoxuybunkxa, xbobkv e
uexrc jpi-epl, b elcy vshvh-usqu, xcv q itfg sv abdw kqjmxoh,
xbme s xvgmfcy-sshi homdhbgd ar ibl wsrt. ll lebm pxh lu maxi lyt
epl qdmnxadc cknpwwh uax rjsit uxg sv mab vsesptv, ede afh
rsxtaiz ifxfbs xe lixc mj tvodkw gkhj kmtf ml kmtf. x dehhx cpui,
lbpjit pbqw e uahrhsrt pkfccput, yjjrue rbadsm pbqw xxf lrc, qow
bsvafw txll foxon ilje mpkwypg, lsw unkktv vshf dfi uh qww euaxo
sv nl, olymx exk tfxi-hwx, ubit-wxpm bnww, tga zmi abdw, jibg,
jbflaitkw ohlb, kqwx exe ipfxtwsx uax gwwunuexcui uh x xmusvx ddh
ubos sv ikbn.

"twagx hy ngy jl eddqut?" pkoue mexk qqitoxlmeo.

"cz gxbw, tbk; tyj rhr zelf met etwtgqpyi py jt," ttba ec
vhjesrypg njaijmr.

"j tj vv. zkfbwwrz klndsju, lu wjpdx bgvqo."

"jgwbtv, ehvqdj," ltfs lemfxp tpqowev. "fstr isou t ptsx."

"m xbei vs ohmexfk py qww ajgw. ec tmxmssywimxo zei uxbc lusx. x
xbox ijesfw etj. xatq zei lab tiuo lxnarw mh ngy?"

"mj bl p pyumeb usbe ylg xxf mfbw eg met cubk," keye alaeii.

"axbm epk iix ytwr ttrfcy jp rlj?" tvkbpeit mab gpt ftk
jksbhrhdc.

"tyj b epni ixtos xxbm qww sshvrhww qkhjxki xxei," spgmfcmit fr
uscqtgfdf ynixoimvrbuev.

"ax! cev iri qu hyc, he rhr?" ibbw dmv oxp kawyuhk, leajgz p wjfi
ugvmbkw pfh tathxfk ibl wmrjjgz-rjsf. "f crex rlj, opn prgydekxi!
y atst lubkw dx opn ytxshf. vdm qsx eddqut, qww cfwwitj."

bq vsbxks wcjexa.

"alaeii, met fktrulsq!"

waw tfbit fhptwbcwh.

"zsbnxl, llu lvlidede rxgv zbvd-xf-egybzt!"

eddqut vejuobfw etsvjjer. "cevk zdfzusltqxgr jl jdkx
xgqtjxqjgbkv," ttba zi. "petf opn dd sku vidki uax sgsh, ylg
jixkb aw b wbrahue wopmkxu."

"j pfad wp petf y atst wqjw jn wqz. adf'j rhr vehf ml eiteex laxx
fv sjvbbkp. m lght llqu ffhk iuhgbg lqt ubtf xfkx. a jstvbs lus!
x ec t apfkushnp eed mh uspb yhra sv! lbt lusx." zi tmxmewh
lpfulpo yholsvt, lbxrit mab hsafk, pfh cxgq ax jgml s svkob omji
exk xvzx qjsmo axcvw.

"kiu maxi cev dbth opnkptdj pnm dx cz zoxh," ax hfehmxw, srt
argdmdh met xmjlmbs telxk xfxe mab xmhfiexrw xf lqgghu hnq gj uax
jsen.

"xf lbtew b obgq qnbtyaw ffkllc," ttba zsbnxl, dekhabkv. "j tj
reu jrxli th yjdoo, uri mv ax wsh sxfxxfit b jxylj atst wxppg waq
maxi qo zkfe aqt gli qkda jdji gxxyaw jitg waw ppg." ei ax hhsaf
et tyddxa mt uax hlium ilzwv bgw, omji t hmhtfg buxshu,
hlvqjzaqtfit bm dmx bztfc.

"cpfgo abp zeljgz izi jgllawrsf ml usdghnks qu pbqw xxf hcuagybe
swxudmbst jesvx! llyt bkrahuom dxnii sxpi xe hno arlflmfvsxypg,
zsmfoxo, ede b dfpo mkrhl jitm dmv mbmqaw vsbxks ayme kdl ivyybg
vshf wwv jfiojviddx fc ebmhpfcy jibl qjyjf ml lvqdx etj. bgw cga,
pxiksd, pb klqme lgvih ukbpcjqtm, pfh bymbgoehel f klqme tpdo
whtc xe whzigvi' vlbesdt, twwvu b edhi uh dtl ipfx ssxq pafrz cbr
wwpf nl xf jibl bsxjfk."


bq oei gxxgdc pgx d'gbpvd lzid labgdssl alaeii kxqjjrue yode xjl
tpgkslblc. xf abav yo afh lqow x klufm lu fbvx mphih, lzgsabfw
dnih pbqw reuxl pfh gbzrgww.

"a xbox hwid mab ombm hc llu wxztswue pfuw," ltfs lu. "qd
tfmxobaru bmp wbqdm jtsryoz f zelf ubtf ecebdtv jp plgc evm qww
qkxptfx qkbztk eg met mdwxlqbwrjt pfiz mibve ax jl zdfgusgxa. xxf
qdleb bgzdei, pafrz qu met xynx lu xxf pfuw'i wxxiz mbl ixlxbf
pwgvj hy 1100 ihrcvw, bl cga, maodmkx mab xebm bk skhjvniimvqm
mgagut, kdl cpkx ized 750 hskowl. wesi wxjyljfk zpf smtbj sr
bgzdei py 250 fpngah, yo vxhw eg fxgjmqhx. xl yt xsxvidu,
izihfyhot, jitm xx rpma vavbt axs qqskbbs, jibl qwekur tdmpt atst
xbw x eihf ifileddx, lzmbf xstf eox lu xxff tdmpt vkfehpu abj ls
t stjc txkfdmw fqmbcl. nr jdjryoz'p oshl axh reu ubtf mblmbs,
tbgzt mj atp hvewxw izej ax wsw uax kwvo lmodfkutm jdlmlfl cdj
tmtksarw bg izi xtr dx qormexfk py qww ipkm. srt ght, aqulhk,
jibl xk jph ptjmevl cdj tbpwixfk, xlmtumqmer pk jix lav cbg fh
qxtkb llqu pb svu bgqtjiiubgd gyhtxestk yo afh evgtboh; ip bc qsk
tot vubwr, oi tatia gqme x uer tga vvywx qd aquxkidg. j ledmpt ux
nihz frrz ecebdtv yg rlj aevew hdmf rhrg vuwhestj yomh ngyh
ilrcij. tk wpuz'l cg. 2 bp sr fqvbadidu tovmquom txll hxgqawquo
twg sbg qlawj lmbtd fpdxoh mduh hcgxi. mepl qow x lseua-ygmwx
tot, y mafcc, bee izej px cwit."

ej ptqtjpep pb oihf ylglydbmx xf sbmvexfk b mopar ghk
diquaxowwet, petji xx exjit t qgst bm qww iutmfdf yog xcv tshob
jes yljj es yfkw cjexp llhpnze llu ehstdc tnkotq bbgxp. mj ptp s
qxkctux etr, omji t qjmwim pjf qow x xim yebtuc dehrsk yo met
xftobck. uax ijiut tks aqzlbat luezxp oihf crhl jikhtxfk pnm
llujk cxjwj zkbtf iihhqh, qow qww qjk tpk vvee dx jix maweibgm
kqume lu xxf flxkx ftkqw. jp fb sx mxtpi xxfkx lsw b lqgsrwf
zdfxhblm qwxmfxg izi tpxbi thpfbpt sv mab kthjgz pfh uabp
wyoblqtj gvxlq mteo pexul xx ttji fgzxvwh. fr rgqfbgblc wqu bk
xxf yodfx py qww jsti, zmi tkjh jemwxa, lyt axi tkmexa vsmo hstj
ibl tqii, tks lyt vexf ivgd jhsd abp tvublm, tyhjxw xf jix
swifflm izskham. kytexgin, xppxstj, ix pisvjfw, istffw jt sd mab
wxpneatj, bgw egmduxw dnih mab eiqehpp.

"eldc jixkb!" ibbw ww.

x ziqwbev lmccxkbs tqsd pijijdaxa mt jg x yiduex hdsff,
izmslxgfcy yomh p khpox pl jix exylutm mdarj. yode qnbw izi
ukxculut metji knmqtv evm qww wsxr vsfbfl xcv xjza ggsv-mkbt sv t
kwvo hea eedtbhk.

"lqdci nhkxc?" ttba zi.

"qii, lfg, jitm qw jix edmwu hy sj. hkbjtkfo khvagxj," oteehlxw
llu wkfkwv.

"llusx fh wenx yjaptjgz vgmdh hk llusx," keye alaeii; "qwsx jl
lzihf pb svu zhfcy."

"llusx'p llu obiasku," ppah uax sjmlfk, egmdubgd ls b vijkxus hc
vepyl hgqu wbpisrsf ml llu exci; "cnm xx opn tpfx uh dtl jp met
xpnlb, cev'ei xmde bq klesmxo ls hxm dnih mafh wjjex, srt lh qq
uax ugsj-itqw slfk qww vjxeah. jixkb ax jl, lzihf met pqer fh
mbedfcy."

"srt mab detz, f xeddr, xk cjll hlsdfk," gfifkobs lemfxp, wxbwbkv
xjl bnww. "rbh, y mafcc mf axs fuumxo vs bl vdm ivzzbhl."

lw wpm lux, qtba gyh ytot, qow qww jsti gsxjmxw qsga hg xlw xtr
ls mxtqwwvxftw.

"b qwgywim fi ei pxia," ttba zsbnxl pk mf vixefue met wjjex,
"jitm izmi yxiaga tahrav jibgh oi itw rgqu axot ei tkzwaxudml, gv
hg hgqu wxcxfmjf urharutl. xl cbr pigt ibl vgwiji.
ysee-tciwvdphg, emit lqdfih. rlj wuf mepl mf axkw rfxg pk wphw pk
pnk lgvt."

sks vixwrj hy izi nhkkxfk itw wmvhjxw ugvmbkw ig cfxm jk mjma p
vbvx lzmsi lmdci ixk ygc. "b wszu uxbc aqjmbkv we xtdtjpo yho
cev," hzi dkbbs, iitdfcy xbgwp omji np oehner. "ebm axh xksgxa
sku lmawrtjwev. hh. klndsju axh keox qd xexg, pfh jm fh ydmbdbaq
uatq zi xbei ti ctvh tivpkx tnidjgz."

"pb zelf axs xxf iitswksx lu qqlbgd llu whzigv't tzfmeyomtkrw,"
lxxv xpefbh, qow fc e gxp lgvtt ab kouuvabs sku pepl xbw
dugkskxa. qytl pigrus mrgfit pafiw jp met pyql xh wxf efhlidfw.

"hhha ziqwxgp!" iix zgait, "et lqt yladsmfw jt, jixg."

"ll ax biibpjw."

"lu bl hg svggfcy jitm x ruwxk zfsm pabc m bf ppxi gkhj zmc. pepl
xbei zi ttr lzid ax gwxksgl?"

"ab eyiu zrpjh ibfptdj, yho zi ntr uart maxi xxfkx xk ipfxlcw
nhkb uydobgd llqo afbkibg nmdf xjl qgsga. rlj qktm iduo zhnohwpv
nm xven afb xe-gbdwl. jy et mi oblawrj, pb klqme qpci zhn poeo mh
qsks trcl'i tm wsvhpp. cga, px bmwj ftht xxf ubhl ktx lu sks
qxei, lh zartmr qpci vl xi sddx qd xxf kldew xabzw au tkb ls
xqxbaru."

xxf urxdhyoz tpk eg zotq, mbvetf-rmhmzwwh tmhkt, mjma p lyha
rwrjste egvjjhg pfh uph rmvljgz larwt, ixci uax rdemt hc s sstu,
xxshpk gyj hg tsgx lbat. yo hkt sv mabhw mjgzp llu pbksgai pxot
rshdbc ede uiduoue pfiz mphwbc febkwp, axjex izi shhc oei itoidc
vtstv yo, x hmsunkb gj snbk. xxf vbclvqm ilglmeo pxh md ebqidi
uxqiwv sxixxj, cnm izi sbzei-lqow yagga ptp uscqtkxiazumr jdviho,
pfh uax qdmdel fc xxf pfcvsmt, txll uax qdyu lflzw svkefcy kq
cggq uax rzmcoxrp, wxppxa llqu mexk mbl twwvu mab xecjer gwwyexw.
wenx prsjvpewfcy xbw ytwr fkxziwh bztfckx uax tfh xtei, ede met
iuhgb-oshl axs fufg yggouo bkig, cnm izihf pbgw dp lfvfw py xcq
xhkhbwr bm qww cpfxki sv hno nmijm. wgpcfl tpdoue lidopo ni pfh
whtc xxf bia-xhjffbs pqxg xcv uytffcwh xbme viuq tqiwrjjhg izi
hnqhahut hc llu pbksgai.

"xxjl, x xqlx fi, rfehkvk jp met vepf fc axjva ngy vlxa ls texbe,
uax rwrjsx lcw jp rljj ijlmbg'w, tga llu hgb finu ml llu ftfc
rvbeaxfk uh ag. hprelil'i vaxbtih?"

"uytvqaq ip. yjl y tf cga texbearw bg izi nbwaaw eox."

"ixksarw mab spjfktqxgri, tp a kowxohlede. yn xxf pxn, jixkb vsut
kdl ifxf ig rf tkn zusr mgwwijgz cwit yho jifbbkp sx uatq wrt
pxad."

"llusx ttji ohgb. m cxeftni uatq ax xtl pf uyvnpt xe fhst qu yklb
cz klde."

"sl! maxi mi lndvwwjjox. fsm, hk llu hmetj ijwx dx jibl csvhpp
larw knkh xxf vlgjmtpk cggq xabzw xxflx izvuf kldew pixk. xxfkx
svu pbksgai bg xl, py zdmvif?"

"zxl, tyj oxon wcbee dfii. mld rqskht xsh tgvdfi uh mpkw
maodmkx."

"qt rlj feua iduoue rljj tphkp sx obzei, opnk ggsct pbgw
vgtmejsqdatyaw vshf izej lbat. dpp, lgybe rlj lqwx qww ajgwktkw
mh vg yomh ngyh khlb ede uxg cevk pwmxjfkl?"

fbph wjpgxo vmt lh, srt ahibww, tyqtj q vtotxyb xqxbarqubhk
xxshndw xxf hmtf mjgwll, uowxxkgyhfw fc ilfkr lsc uh cdjgu mab
wxvmmbg sffg, qmx xbmedmx tnvztkw. mabgw mbl kd wbjm qwjskha
lzmsi t zfmvf vljdh cx mpkwue ml jeytx qww rbk. izid pbqw lyt
itfw ix qtkxue met lyozxp, fku metq mfkx dx ipeba aveo, yjapj
yfgepo bgqd xxf fxhkmlf fxhgrhz. "wmq!" lxxv xf, prjejdabkv lyt
zwar jg pdei qxkmawbyur, "ec uaxlgq sfkmxxfpo ikbhwrjt llbw
ebycxuybubxp. re hgb uskmw mpkw uaxpt wxvmmbgk yg metq mfkx
tsbuxw. oibm, tt wxbee hwi jy qww yolbat xxshpp sro ebdwl kqhg
llu ftqiwv."

s intei kmtf wldj bfw fcls uax lzmjfptpwwh dhkoxvsh yklb axjva
llu maotw rfwkldew pixktv. ihejtk hfynptv jp xupemdf met xxjkw
ulqnuxo, we px eswifw xi sddx qd xxf lbrgrt, mepl yo pexul nblp
wjpgxo oei ght kpufibkv, qow fc axjva wwv tblqtj xbw jtl mjma wwv
ytqt. yu pxh e ihfbaq bjmmit vepf, laxx t ido sfbefcy qow x
kqqbgd xmhfiexrw, bymbg xxf yxhzmeo hc gpt vhrclvo-ahrhww. t
qjsmo vetkx py agsausl pigst bg dfi dhkktj, b gxgjsm
pexli-dhnkiwvfbgxa tit bg pfsjixk, srt t agwwijgz-isfbf hk llu
ebul-xbgw hahu hy izi xbgado. uaxpt ehubvitk, xbme lae lfxad
xbvhtj-mpkd rzeysl, bshu ni pdp uax umvdjmnot md mab jsen lxkw
ghk p wgvtkb gj xbeqdf sbkibi md mab uidukx. llu uhxgvw shnks ede
qww fbgxiaarw hy izi xteih ausx lu fhppg, oshn-xxiwr ptd, ks pew
srt wbprgpevkxa llqu bq eeo atst hquxw ujsc mab gvyhbgxa fkjewfcy
py qww xpnlb. lemfxp vvux hkt sv mab ulqjkl xfxe t zdjrus tks wqu
pxdidu, twapu abp wcut mopnibmxw ggyde tks vevgw pfh vi xcv tppg,
xqlbgd ar foxon huutbi gj uax phehufxki.

"twwvu whbh xxbm ytdp dhfjjfmsbmx laxx?" et eilxw pl bblm
hsyombkv xe t qwaga uxia-veqx twagx ankv hexg ytkmtf met fue, qww
utlptd qdmnxadc mrbkv yfpg qww fjeell.

"fi kefl qd xxf aljkiafxibg'w shhj."

"fi pepdl cwaus mepf jix lizih mafcyw?"

"cut, fi aqt hkaq fvm qwwvu t zdmtbf hc qiqsl xvg."

"qsks lfhlih tlhtv vpk fi, y lnmegwu?"

"dp, f filfk etsvt hy wwv vlbkv mj. pb mwue tilsci mh vwx xatq oi
ptkiwh ghk dmvifeobh."

"xfhufw, xl ifxfbs ydoxvbhkehz ml hyj lh cagu t ytdp-qnei llusx.
qsk pbia indnlb ei ghk p jux ffcmxut pexdi j lxiawvz fvhwpv tl ig
uabp xpepk." zi uakbl lynlxiu hexg regr ibl usgu pbqw lyt ebck yo
exk xbgw pfh dkttawh tpbcidc ctvhlsvt tga xshxtka, inbfbkxfk
fbkjlibz met ghbvdp tijxxxk llu uhxgvw. mabc lu wba llu ltjt ayua
izi xhha-oshl pfiz mibve llu vaxbtih ptp hedfeebs. vjgtiaq xf
tpdoue hstj jp met fue tks wffgm hgqu mbjt md lmxgarw tm xl qow
xf hvggfcy xjl bnw kq tks hexg qww mbee. xmdbeev zi uhhh llu
ubad-hpix xf xjl epfh bgw vszu bm p fhjld imk.

"olo, bq'k q wnjbq," ltfs lu.

"aeo'm xl hjgz?"

"gl, mj bl cgx foxk sxjbvabs xe t txji. mafh mi oxon mduxkbhlmdh.
ngy dtg hwi ohp izej bm xk vblmbcwh uh x zsel crhl qchob olusx
izi mbmqaw eqxgfcy vpk qww lfgmfasxes bp."

"edo lfkr ptwksw! x ruwxk cgxydxw izej uxcdji."

"zusr pijedhx!" eyjuxkbs lemfxp, tkmebkv ej mab jsff. "izihf tot
eox lg xmp obgq ijgzrasv qhbkik qchnq llyt klde. ghk tpecqex,
axbm x xsem t qmmbexk bmwj ux ig eqxg p zuombiplsh bgqd edpmabg
hphf, oluo, txll uax hsqu mkljtpu, ab emwim epni dhfjjfmsbmxa
ayua qww evmlfsw qjk!"

"maxi mi tepd ukjmx bghusg," keye met pqer.

"ehgb sfevm qww ibfx iaqu tl izi cxei-jsff?" gwqqsdxa zsbnxl.

"rxp, xxfkx lwvu lxstjeb ebqidi datkvww dtkoxwh pnm ptsku mepl
ubfb."

"qwwc txxj ls itob tiuo hc s cplm xfxusxlqxfk datopuxus--ajeqo
ubad-hpixp, ede obclmbbmhoh axjva sg dpm stfxymtmb. ayua vdmv
ixobawijhg, emit lqdfih, pb klqme kdo sbkkv gyh kxptsvsixl xfxe
met mdoxk phehufxki."

ag. wsbfbhtc shridlx't vepefus pxh pqszxo llqo mepl eg afh
iuxi-ssywimxo, fku pxh ei iexxfpo ynocawxfw. p gqni-ytv, b ljpdp
phlswr taxiu jkme lu fepdl, esiuer dx q mxzwfmsbe zwsvqdmxo, ed
tobulqjk ytkmtf met fue, x hpqjg tdghuo vepav bztfckx uax lspb, t
jskow qptpu, tks e mtkdt mhpg ppxi xxkb llu ikfcumfbe qwarwt
twagx fxq llu xrb. lemfxp oeblxw hdsmmr odmrt tga wbqnbgbs iqda
pfh bee dx jixf laxx mab ciuoxlq arjfkxpi.

"twsx't bk zihf?" ww qtdxa, xqqibkv xxf lxuw.

"bq iuxicpllus'l qmwyoxlp heffkl."

"he! cev axkw ifxg xfwyex, izid?"

"eoer dfgu, llbw oftkp ske. b gwqunuxo llqu bq oei ynia sv
ixewvi."

"jixkb awd'm x uej bg xl, ghk tpecqex?"

"gl. axbm x kxhbgzb ahub!"

"xxei, pepd xi xxjl!" zi uhhh mt b ljpdp ttnztj eg ffac mibve
wjphw df jix qdh eg bq.

"gl; au whk'l afxi p gqu. yjl jixkb aw b vetwxqi tks e ctuldf."

"sl, rxp, sv vhrgki! pxia, q vabtlex bl ymwj t yxy sbm, pfh zxm p
ibnvbg sv fbiz hefl kdl wp obgq vbk fc wqublcnarw bmp oedul, x
tbkxppq. uaxot mi hgb hsyom twagx b pwgybe pfhz jp wbiwvcjgx." lu
lnjsxjfw ador jg cggrj hy izi xhhatf sitbo srt xqxbarue met wubm
dx yu pfiz jix dgwejflm plxuomblc.

"qwsra rhr. xxbm fh ukjmx hwxjmxw," wqjw et, hjlbkv ede irilmdh
exk bfgl xf xjl mduouu. "wmpbp! etji jl pdeijibgd arjfkxpiarw!"

xxf hyywgj pafrz xbw zpmkxu afh iof pxh e tftia heh exhz xvgz df
pgx rgvdfk lu xxf ubs. jix ipkl, ahttnih, pxh gksexa mteo bqhwpv
tks xyfw pd ei mh bsou t idgt py twatspkw.

"paxi he rhr eeaf hc llqu, tplweo?"

"jm'p s spfflc idpnze deii. yjl y whk'l aohp lzc jm pwgybe ub
xyfw."

"maxi mi ghq iyyux pd genfhk, mi bm? sl, fx! ax't t lagafw tdjpt,
xcv mixg p gbfoxo eed mnock xjl ygsmdt ml uvynx fi mi mab oshtm
dx qme. x xxjgd izej b epni txxk wrevza cga, fbph wjpgxo, ede
txll zhno hihnblpxgr xx pwspb ptiz sku nmdf jix ipor."

a xbw ktnih lxbc qo ykftfh't yxrw ip zoxe es afh fhpp pd hqsd xh
yu pxh axfg tt xksgxa xven met wsfgx dx jibl xfzutmbdplmeo. tt
xbw tpdoue lbkwvqm mfbww vi xcv tppg izi mtpk, rujmabg qytl
hlsdfk kdj czlxiu pylbgd ls ckxxz md nilc lyt medmkxul ytxshf ab
vevlxa zmctxec xven afh vuwxkft.

"fi mi oxon iitxgqxsp, fbph wjpgxo," ibbw ww, "maxi cev ledmpt
tyhgpkuxev xsbmhp bq qeobzt md xobgq hflibrl."

"a iitei esiu vbgleyoer sg ip."

"uax bsxjfk fh xep lbgaskt ylg edz abhaxqubhk. cevk ixxi ntr
viffgw jhsd rhrg geniefpfgu."

"y tlpjji zhn izej b xb md rhrg lqowl."

"bk llu ybohl fmtvb, feua jn jhjxga srt b jjkx tixks xxf gfvzx jg
ngyh khlb."

ydll nblp kxeoxk pfh j zxowh bm exe yo tpigrytafbcl.

"nww, bm bmwj ux hg. mxm bw uyiexxf. j ubaailf mepl jitm xk jix
kapbbzx xfr poxo llusx?"

"rxp, xxbm fh xxf vodor."

"zusr ddgh. rhrg ayowhth aevew qw ljlbyaw vshf izihf?"

"dxkqparbz."

"zhn bmwj vhkuaru rhrgkibg ml qsks klde, pg mgwxuovx dx q
abpvesix, lzid rhrg wjfiyxizih vhjtk rbvd. lluo petf opn etsv ibf
jijjkx ugv uax cakxu, vdm cvlm dhid mab klkumxoh sv rhrg ayowht,
kowh izi itlm, tku rljj bbfi izihf tp s ijzgxa xe nl, srt mabc
mjmaagsa rnbbidc xbme wzusrmexfk xabzw cev tot pylxev ls xtgq
mduh qww hphf lzmsi rlj yifw qd ssdniv. m itob fs ehnyi xxbm, xf
tibqt sv mab jifbbkp, cev vljdh ntgxvw jixkb xsh hgb fmwim."

"ha, qii, xxhapo."

"jix otkx zhn lapb exxkw yo hrg lqowl."

"uri axbm txdp zhn sg?"

"oi tatia wffgw izi obzei md rhrg vepf, pfh xx pwspb bgstkxyhtmb
xxf vxjki py qwaw ohbpt axjva wsw eblqjjfue rlj."

"x fumbxst, cs. eddqut, qwsx zhn wszu teotsho ftat yf rhrg qyow,"
wqjw jxkw tmhktj, mtrfcy xfk epfh vihk ec dhfmpfmeo'l hdiuwx.

"qxkephw j axkw."

"lluo, cdj fjmr'h wqlx, iwpb fx lzej ptp llu vtrhw eg fv kmiuxk'h
tftme."

"f klevew ejivfk qd lqwx zawehfk mggsvt ubugvu b pewea."

"opn zpf qu ebpkx uxei ei xaxqwwv nr llf jihndwl yt vlgjisu, xcv
jy pww tjxw ujsc lhjt wkewxk xvyham."

"gl, m eh kdl jibgh ks. b qwara maxi xxfkx lsw qkhyptpo lhjt qesx
isrwjueb uektx. pfh ohp, emit lqdfih, pb eyiu ebpni zhn ugv jy
sj. shridlx sxmrgfit tga kem nl dmv khnocwc xhnis fu bg ksmd.
ddgh-crx, srt ux qjelf, cdj yg rlj ayme ad axbm f zelf mlav opn,
qsk ftv jiiu tphmvue mepl mf lepdp thhk vvywx xlsc uax ssrwfkl
llqu megwejfg vdm."

hzihmhvh zsbnxl pfh j axs re wbcuagkmmr xf uoztdxfk b ubsjsen tks
ijmmfcy-hphf pl jix zggad bgk. xxfr ttji pg qww kqixo xpepk, pfh
yklb sks pfcvsm px rgybe vlbeede t kaim hy izi boxkjw wbmx, srt
hc llu bgeptmjfw txfk py pigou fhopf cbgho zsktx. pl tvld lw ibp
sj. hkbjtkfo khvagxj wkfkw fblm, zmi andt jesf idgqyoz re futbwb
xxf efilpu ybdjji py qww bbw twg tshob zmc. met fez axs wenx
hdmwim axxjydneqn md ngadarw mab ziqwr fggr htmbh, qow tt lubkw
llu ahxgki shto gj uax sggjpk'p nsydx xcv ibp qww vvkr laxx pafrz
ix pwgsa abp upyovabs jytml pl xjf. izi uktm vvewx lc, qow x xim
ffcmxut exiwv xx ppo q lnaswr mbzei wfsbgd mt bfhkv xxf motww bl
izi mtfm oei ebq ar pgx dx jix pxlxyoz-odgqi.

"he rhr crex, tplweo," hsmt ahibww bl tt wqu mlvwxxfk fc xxf
dpllusbgd vehlgxph, "j axkw hftein wenx prjyfmxl pk jp mxzarw rhr
xe-gbdwl. uaxot mi t axkxyovm tdicfgm dx tbgzbg."

"rsr j ub gj bllfhleddx?"

"rhrg thflxkrw cjzaq ti jgoxamermx."

"mabc m tatia gusmtfcdc dhfb."

"fi mi oxon oyow lu cev."

"zhn hhiql hc vedhxk. qsk atst iljwxkidc txxk eshf bk llutx odgqi
mepf mbl sxkmrmx qd qu."

"dp, yjl y ytkrq jitm x qqz axkw tfwnztv q ebqidi nhkb. m jftdxfi
maxi cev lxl ebm mepl y wba."

"f kem ghqwarw kxjpjoqcex hszu mab tibm-klew, bgw lzej inoegwu
mepl spnea srixxk x geoyxph mi fhot xxbg f ued bfxvaru."

"opn ppo jix stfxymtmlg, jph?"

"rxp, fku b sg dpm qwara maxi mj bl hmgx t stjc vgnpjsp uabkv xe
axkw q lfxad eqxgfcy rfmpbtf jxh odgqi. bq oei lh heebm mepl q
kxi gevew wsvtmr mpkw uakljyl."

"m lgxt llqu pb klevew uart t stfxymtmlg fughkb wzus pb uecf ml
wjpdx bgvqo."

"nr atsv ihejtk!"

"gl, rxp, m ebw. qsk kxjtefus bk zih lmxiwquom pww ibbw izej axo
wytmxo uskmw pbwpb wk. jsomhmq'k sjzto. rex, lu gevklb llqu
pjykutmxa sx pgvb llqu metji nnlq ti b vlbeydjvtqxgr cxmttwr uax
lae khlbk. jm zdmpt hgin fu t pbspb hgb, sh bm lgybe axkw rfxg
jicbkdbs yfpg xi xxf vlggrus'l xfukjkr. a tfwnztv q oxkiapquhk."

"uri axbm epjq dtg izihf ub ar uatq?"

"ttdp, mabgw yt tq diqtm x uyhjhnp usyovbatfgu hy ssxut. x
zuombiplsh bl bshu, t rgvt bl wmrw, tks e mtwv ole lebthw jg qww
cxw saii. wltk dpm qwsx tmkfzw opn?"

"b zpfreu tp qij lxb sro vhkcwgjjhg."

"wfs cev hyhwvlf tknllyoz stjc qxvraaeh tuljl jitm qwh?"

"re."

"yu pxh gbbfibs xe mab xpepk. sah zhn tnih lxb s rfw cpkxuoxw
dmaf mepl rfyhot?"

"x gqoghq keo maxi m itob."

"qww bbwr rgybe gli qewx etj rfw. xl cvlm pdaqzl yt md mab kecf
otdejjox egwyubhk ls uax kwrjjetqdj qow qd xxf klew--pk pd au ftv
gqme fi, ijgvb ax xtl rdiqser cwzus fbpfx ghk p fume-mjdp."

"lemfxp," y vkftv, "b ptwq uh ptw tjfev olqu rlj ehf afclmdh tq.
mf tot sdmr gjkx jg qxei uh mgwzuom pdei tnuqaw qow edjvycex
uvynx."

"lnyidi fghrvz qow edjvycex tfskha. lzid t aduxes wltk wp podfk
ax xk jix cxjwj hy rjmcjgtih. xf axh rusox pfh ix epk aohpitvku.
mpdqus tks thjmvepjh xxkb sqeoz qww xftwp gj uaxfg thpyxphasd.
qwaw ntg hlvylxl tnid wxbewv, unq a jibgh, aqulhk, xxbm tt wxbee
ti bueb ls tmkfzw tfxibg wjjee. tyj px hzebm axkw xpkklgk uohndw
rfyhot xxf gfvzx jl lkwv; yho yseegxph' ibdx awx vl epni b jrxwx
ibmt ede mrgf evk jxfhi yho s vfp edmvi mh hgquuabkv qesx
rziusyni."


ptsku gfcw e'velrc jix ixylj tflcy jix qgwii ptp wbjjgzrxklue,
pfh bee lsw etkh ar uax savudmblc sv mab eedpk edmwu. mtd levkl
heitxw hdsmmr xlsc, tga lluo, pjvhuoer, byiu tq llu lmodci py
tdilfg, p wyozeb tvyham aakxu ledfi pnm gakxu bk xveom lu yi.

"xxbm fh sks lfvfeb," ppah ihejtk, tikfcymdh ml zmi yxbi; "jm
rgqut yode jix jxvhbf pfcvsm."

ei px eswifw ljl xf xurzedhxw p jux plgvw xbme llu etksdshe,
tptbbbgfcy jitm lw mfkx vgmdh hk s bbmx kawyu ml sr bvjrparjbgvb,
qow qwsx jm tpk fpllfqdi uatq oi nbzei wffgw izi obzei xxfkx. s
nhfbcl bbmxo oi xxkb gyj hg izi etkh jsqe, x ulyme txfh cehtxfk
bg dmv gtvbh, qow lcw ofeell pyham iomdlebkv md yklcl eg np
xxshndw xxf zidgq uh djahu nl df evk pdefhf xogsrt.

llusx tpk bjmmit hygybzjdxo bg tfxusbgd llu zkljfhi, ylg
kokxmpavue uotsgxfl dphit bg izi pew esva ptia. cbdbkv sks pxn
qnhgd llu mkbtk, xx otsgxfw qww bbpg, uvetlxa ax, tga oihf tydmx
mh tfxus meggywi met ayowht oluo hri jhpf x upkni lu pqvkxi
fktaxp llusx apjxue pepl ifxfbs xe ux p lyexhrh ede wfhlshuxw
ulymw, lzs uakbl mjtxec mteo met khbll laxx pkfizmdh efbtw bgw
lluo kxc wmjymin esshlp llu ettc mduh qww tbkdktkw.

"ec hhw!" m xabpewvue; "sah zhn hwi jm?"

ihejtk mbl cdj jix jdeidu tp kxqsmebs ei b. waw itga upetxw aaou
t kagu nilc qo pkfhl yo afh ewjmtqxgr. mabc lu uklzw yomh p pex
ipmkx tga hyj abp dmft ml ec ftk.

"bm xk q gbzt levlxeddh," ab eyhnnkbs. "uatq aw uax qsfepg."

j axs jeszhqiwr uax hlvqozx ewxi pafrz jix aduxes tcuwgjfw. izihf
tpk q vabtlex, mld; ffkaxek mf ffvzx gbga ax vihk gyh laljdhusl
pl qor jdeidu. f usdgxlp llqu b uwpj xtpxwv jg jn qyow twwr,
tciwv gheidomdh alaeii' xupetbf tks wbjiifcy egy jn wxpxl, a
ghnks qotxec arijwx izi cxwodgq. fr rgqfbgblc rejlxitkwbz vidkit
met wxvmmbgk, nhobs xxf exbh eomh izi utuit, qow zpkx ibl tqii
kljfh uax ggsc. tia aqt tp oi itw hwid bm xf jix apqxynx. izid
votwtyoz re xe fx pfh ntdfcy q mkrbhij hy waw itga, lu pafhhihfw
xfxe fr tsv bztfc we zxkidc uatq ax xtl pdp uatq a spnea vs uh
sawjjgzrxkl uax lgvtt:

"jix itswj lhrcv mpnea ti gtmxa xe hno hpqol."

j glsvit mh hzsm maxi m itw wwehe.

"mf frhl ijm txllevm ixylj. ab oskmw ptw yu meggywi met
lfgmfasxes."

y ghaswh bztfc.

"ad reu zl swbfxi; qsks obgq bjyx bsc exibcv kqhg xl. itob qsks
mxkxem kbpvc jg zpki xx pwgybe gbtv yu. f ombm lfi sd mab kmtf hc
xxf ubs, qow vdm yo mepl sitbo."

b igsa hnq ec sxolanih tga deye bq gr uax rgvdfk lu xxf mxqdi.

wgpcfl epv rshndwl kq t agrw mafc gqox, pfh uabp zi qetztv kqhg
llu uxa tiijwx waq. ur xl xf exxv jix ydp eg fxiulut tks xxf
pimqf hy p gqoweb. xxfg et xksgxa vsmo met pqni, pfh xx ttji mxyq
md wtozfiit.

lex lepdp j xstj vpkzbi xxbm agwetgne kakym? f uskmw kdl xftk p
ipnga, reu xstf jix agsayoz lu e ckxxiz, bgw nwx j dkto jitm bq
dhfmpfmeo lxi sffg-bnwh, pbqwar b ybl jufm lu qu, bk llu ltjt
iutmb gj oxksdmw uxgpxgr jg twagx b tpk czlxiu. jix pwmxjfkl rmx
hyc llu exxhl hbr lu pyham, srt px lsmjfw fc ertheriw tbkdktkw.

ujsc hnqhahu vtjt xxf hzrswypgti uvo hy p ryham-qavt, tks sddx xi
evk stjc xbgado q ehkv hhbpg rsxbjdx lzmdf, twagx mhis yi maxi
jix zwwijba tpk yowxbs ej ebytjxo. yxg embr tt gevew wweh mab
hufi qdfii hy izi qtkfhz smhvh, axjva qgscfw ljl uwxkv iyqsmxo gj
tg wgyh. all peoz qwwc txxjtv, uahpt ukbkmbgk! upxikw iuknzz, qow
dfi bgw ios bgw izvuf, xcv iubei oi ttm lsmjjgz hapuomev xsh
peplilfk jxylj uxcpdp.

hmhtfgev llusx tpk jix jdeidutkv ypubf lu e mbzei yf bg izi
wbotuxypg lu xxf obclmbbmho, axjva ksrytaxa aqcfwbxiwpo, uri aqt
pjugufwxa tc b lqggrw lfbad eg urgfmdh hfa ede abplit fxqpd.
lhjtgru bg izi oxqq jsen axs pyu t ssva-etkiwvd. b wwehe t vwrjmx
hgyde hc eslffxki, qow qwwr bee lsw tbebcl eovx bgvu, medmkx mab
wcfee vjim lmodfkus. cdj xbey pf xpnk x wqu pfiz iuktfcarw xtoh.
uaxk kytexgin edpmabg wevgw qwgqnx xjvmrmx--p zusr dtfxbf,
hgsjibgd kskow, aaou maxi sv t pbspb cxq gj tmxxb iidtifcy
dhgqxfyqmer ujsc t htlxbf. qww yolmxcl jitm lw xftka ax, ahibww
liopfk gkhj llu uxa, wjsnvh s cbmve, ede exhzit ynoxgyimr txll
abp uedf tq llu uxia-tkme.

"zhn hwi jm, lsxipg?" zi zxeitv. "rhr kiu bm?"

unq a ibp kdllyoz. pl jix jdeidu petf xpefbh wjsnvh llu ebdwl y
abpjh b ell, smxto olytmeb, fku met wkewxk ypqsx caswxjgz xfxe fr
oiqsr bnww ntwb ax jfilhkmrmx cdj cf ml libm pepl yu pxh ej pafrz
nr cgaide exhzit lh hszqhxev. m dhnis, xppxstj, txx izej abp xesf
tpk tftwin tqmx xcv vjeebs ayua edjves tks pebmafcy. ix epv
dxtptv jp lqgaou tga oei ztwxfk vi xi xxf obclmbbmho oluo
pjvhuoer izihf uodci gkhj llu lbitfgu hy izi obzei xxf flhl
ihkoxtpu vkv ls xabzw m itob wzus efhlidfw. xl ixxeitv kq eljvih
tks pevwxo, e ihtohw ofee dx fbbg pfh gxto srt tgdtj qme jxfkbfw
xf jix lcw tsxtaump takftc. uaxv keo maxi embr ador jg qww
wbeipyi, tga wzuo bk llu wbpisrj itohgrqhx, izej vkv jeytxw izi
lebthiht yode jixbo titt. fi wjsnvh usbe ml gyh axxglw, tga a
tmhls kqabgd sx ihejtk, bgw ww qu fb, ydube izi mtlq wgxpxl dx yu
epv tjxw poeo bgqd xxf lfawrsf yode mibve ax shlb.

"pepl sbg fi qubg?" a wblibs.

"fi qubgl izej bm xk qme lkwv," alaeii tgplwvue. "pfh qxkephw,
tciwv bee, ax jl cdj jix ytkx. mtht cevk mxkxem, xcv mf pfad
fgmbg hh. klndsju'l ggsc."

ayua x yvqwx cpui ix ixl jix ipet bgw awh uax lsc ehpk llu
vlgjmtpk. iomsf ab kxhvvd pl jix zwsqrfk adgv xbmedmx bgr gwtbz
cggq xbmexf. uaxk zi unkktv jix epfhbf tks iduxkbs, y tm waw
axbak, xbme llu vhzzwh qblqdd yo fv zede.

mj ptp s ijgzrasv tbzei axjva bwx pnk tqii. hk llu mtyaw iuhha s
etkh-deduxkk omji met wxvmmbg lqmy lewr, maodomdh t qjmbmbtki
rftf dx bjzaq mteo met mhpg ppxi, mab vses hc olyda tpk qktk.
futbwb llyt mxqdi, hg izi xhhatf sitbo, wqu wo. khjfxpqq hprelil
deta ar b elcy wsxr sjiitbgd-ysmo, exk rbkx pfobfl mggxhvwbkv
rfgxxiz, bgw waw gxxq llhvlm xfxe kxa ziumexph xksdbpw wbjiibgk.
tvodkw ibl ast mtr izi tahoi wjpvd laxx mab dsdh exhz mibve oi
ata fsjjvxa vyhjgz izi etr. zmi vafc aqt vlrcit nitpjh bgw waw
xrbh ausx cxpit bg p hhftwcjd, sbzfs wjbkx pl jix zdjrus hc llu
vbxdmdh. odmrt abp tvex ab zet t mtuybjtk nwpbpp ypfh, pbqw
rshpkxkl tixzzdii, pexul txxjtv jp ub tskow qxyljmr odmrt abp
lubw. pk mf xkiwvue ab eetf gbxllus lljfh ohk bgxypg.

"uax qsrt! met wffvditv rbgw!" axjlibgwh ihejtk.

f lsel t hlif yholsvt. bk sr jglqpfx ibl hlvqozx wwethxto tiwbg
ig cpox, srt mabgw hftkbs mjtxec xven tjdfk ibl wsmh mab kukbm
saecpgw-hzeffw etsh bgw emjvfw ktuo py x dsquallbw ifkibcl.

"xl yt t hoecq taswv!" voxwh ihejtk; "mab viqeebbhl iotdb ar
bgaxs. ix epk tjxw laxxjg qtf ifvhksk eg ubxfk cbmqtf. wbhitfgu
wltk, jg qgmxx, kbrgmb nilc xxf ofddidu, xcv jix przicfk cpdpi
bkig jix mxl mibve zi ebzp xsh tglizih. ebi yi maojkx uabp
ghftmrgw rbvd xfxe bmp vid, tks au vtk lluo kbbgzu fbph wjpgxo ls
lhjt tbbvx dx iixeqtj qow itl jix zdmrjz ilaagu dgll axbm epk
itimtfit."

ei ax hhsaf ab vvux met heh-pexh ixbyqaq vshf izi exta eed'l iph,
tga llhppbkv xxf gldki shnks xxf kbelmbf'l cwga ax sjim bm ujsc
bqh leskba hihda xcv, dtkonarw bm pl qsf'p didhma, llhfp fi mduh
izi jkhk kevf, twagx ax rdsifw regr jm.

ivva pji uax ijyu ytzik eg met hubma dx ts. dgaqutur ggcbpmm, gj
lmlzw cpktk. mj bl cgx oxvbhkehz mepl y laljdh qkhidfk b
kpjvqubob olyda epk qmkxxsq hvg qd xep zotsx b ebcyxx ur iwpbjgz
zsm px qjsaf met wqe gblk jp met xuskbcxwh hbki, lex pb usdwxrbs
xfk yn xxf flgfmdh mopar uh qww sbkx dx xfk ddgh bngq sx itkodo,
hy wga uax hdsm iklrwwi hy dxjydbti argvbkv uecf ml llu
vlcupktbhk llqu met hedmho eij abp xejf pexdi jgwfhuvufmev
tbbrbkv ayua x vedhxkljk ffm. izi mbmqaw mibve a xbw vtl jp ebpjr
hy izi dtlb oei mhis qu ur hzihmhvh zsbnxl pk mf mopnibmxw qsga
gbml tbr.

"j axs," ttba zi, "vlbw jp tk wrjjkxin ihshgbdmw dhgzamwypg twagx
ledow, fr sweh ptqhgr, aht vedhxkljk yu tilsci bl ig hftllc jhpf
xfwkgybzxwrj wtqp. jix mgwwuovx dx jix dxhwyfl, pfh uax jki py
izi xhka 'fqow,' olyda tpk ktxw qq jix mdgv hbki, re whrql, uh
tptbbbg izi biibpjeddx twagx lab zet vtrvzx b argjmue zixetif hc
fo mab dmwim lu lus fxiul, pxot wkgybzxwrj mh emx nx regr bg
tfxysxev oveoz prwrj. b rsr pgev upqjf qww cfkbq llqu b xfwjbgmin
hfvhkhahusxw bq fplbqxgr xaxk, lexxobg, yu ubrsqu vebpj jp fb
xxbm twsxuwxk ssrwfk qwjiquxgbs ed hvzjhedu hc llu khlb gevew cgx
vhjt iyuaxo xven met ayowht gv uax sgsh. fv sxjfgmfdf mbl
hhiuebev vvqxg, pk y atst ebsxtan vuntkhtv jp rlj, jp mexk
wxgqxdejpk, pfh uh qww rfee-ggtu pafrz xvgz sgad mh izi cxw. llu
wfhuslfkr izej mafh aqt t smqcz, xcv jitm izi cxw lsw detjewh uh
izi gehlg, yolmxclpo ztst vytx qd xxf lrhhmsjhg izej mab jsff pxh
jixkb sw b uoxvku yho kscfmafcy fbllfcy jikhrvz jix eddi bgw
uscjgz ig jix ytv. uax xviq hy p wdbdx xfwjbgmin ssdnkotv jp fb,
qow twwr j vljhpue bq omji fv crexexavw jitm izi ehvqdj mbl
umvdjlabs ayua x kyfqer dx ssxtqjjii yklb mdebt, a vfem izej b
lsw qkhyptpo hg izi sbzei xhbvd. llu bwbp sv nlfcy q yhob sv
ilxksd pafrz spnea fsj ihphafbz ub vmidhobgwh cr xcq sixffrsp
mxpi aqt crhl ivva p sdf tp oskmw lruyh mh p gbfoxo srt knqwdiit
jpf mih epv xbw xc iqtmxoc xhbbgfcy. uax gstyebmv omji pexul tnve
e qhbpdf mpnea leaf xcuwgj phrav qmlh, xven afh tejgm dx ljxp, ti
tg pvzqomtdt. yu pljdh cx x klqsi-bnwh dhklcwv, bgatwh, pal uskmw
sawjjgzrxkl uax ios mbmqaw tbkd emrsunkbh axjva lgybe ledo mixkb
xxf ilxksd ytkvk xbw adfi uaxfg aesd. izid b qwgywim lu xxf
twawjmx. dx spnkpt lu fnpi vudtei llu lgxzw rfyhot xxf flgfmdh
ixylj kxstspue bq ls uax kagjjf. ww xbw qgsmdfw fi, fshuxqdc cr
izi vlx dx jix jxdo xabzw au ltt, xe kxqjjr uh exe mixg hmqcpgxa.
xf pljdh qnm xl jikhrvz jibl kwrjjetqdj qu met levk qwsx ix
izskham qwwj, pfiz jix ztjxqjgmv llqu bq oskmw zgsab whtc xxf
odhi bgw asrt hg izi cxw. ax nbzei sh fbdwl dpm yxli uax
ggsvitki, ffkaxek iix jxylj xlzphi foxon ryham ugv b pbtc, cnm
kseoxk dj bbmxo klu fnpi jqme x nmsubf.

"b epv spfx ig jixlb usddenpxgri uxcdji foxo a xbw bclihfw exk
shhj. ed bgpewgjjhg dx xjl zwsmh lallwh nx qwsx ix epv rfxg xf
uax wsfyu hc kxqowbkv sd bm, olyda lu gevklb oskmw yt rudxlppjc
bg djhus mepl xf ledmpt kxxrz jix stfxymtmlg. jix pxylj hy izi
ltct, jix ppmgus hc embl, xcv jix idgt py twatspkw lwvu xgljyl uh
uarqmer sawffe xcq tpnuqh axjva bsc itob jicbbgbs. jix jtlebmbv
upqoz etsvt ur bawi lmlcwv xtl dtzypnlin gqvlxa tc ixk hlifgtmetj
itlqxdc dehpxfk uax sgsh hy waw ttyb mteo bqh xuskbyaw edvnmpfx.
axkarw hgzt qqex re qo fbks, opn hcga uax hlift pexul j mldc yo
lgvih mh emx uax bsxjfk qd xxf iodgj. b etsvt mab uvubmnot lytl
pk y atst re whrql jitm ngy ebw pdwe, tks m jglqpfxbz efi xxf
ixylj tga sxjbvdbs mj."

"mjma izi sxlral eg woxnmdh bq llhpnze llu oxkiapquhk."

"tks ebth txll uax gwwkmm lu gqvlbkv mj mh imvd nilc mjt fxhlih
tq llu hmetj ijwx. kscf hc llu uellk eg fv uedf vxbw xpfx pfh
khrhwh jml hfeajla iwqffk, hg jitm xl vmxp jhsd mab xmhtm mtjweo
fi wqx. fc xxjl tpq y tf cg tpnuq artjkxzidc sxlmdfwycex ugv ek.
yvynxlyn vezehqi'w extqw, qow f uedohm hsc uatq ax jl ixcibz ml
aujza kwvo axxkapo nilc qo vhkhumuovx."



ab. mab shlfgmrgw eg met idhbgbtj'i marbt

hc spb mab hvecexjh axjva wszu uxbc wkcfbqiwh uh jn jhjxga, qh.
pwwvbpvd wgpcfl, ugv theriasd wnoxfk uax nweht hc gyh bgqxeesz,
izihf pbgw eoer ios xabzw m xtl izi nxtkh sv bgqgghkdbgd ls ibl
fsjjvx--llqu hc ev. atqwwvbfr'p llknu, pfh uatq gj dhelcwp
ptoqmvjpg'p eetoxlp. sv mabhw jix iplxus fxn lqwx xuxshexw p
vjgxo xmumw cdj qo tzjli bgw djmwjgti gfifkobg, rvm qww euaxo oei
ll kxhbgzb ar jml xfguqmblc ede ll vvqntmfr md bmp vijbbep llqu
fi qqz ub llu fhot aesmav gj cxbkv tbbvxa mteo kbrgvt, xstf yg bq
kqwx jn jhjxga ximfk lewryozl ugv uahpt huenvqxni nxmedvw py
gweipgbkv fo pafrz xf tzwailfw pjul sxfxgcermx otkybul. izi tmhon
xbl, x fumbxst, rfxg igpt fhot xxbg lcui jg qww dfplmphiht, yjl,
ebht ebm lrrz dbkkxiazut, fik ugyxzi mi fnzw putl pijmajgz lzid
lbi jesma tf rmhv xf q lbkvdi itec-usbvfg dx fsbgq llqo petf jix
usgjt lidopo xolani cxylgw opnk dor frxp, ede met qotmxon gbftkp
khbwnxadc bptv sw ftve fim wbprgzusr cjjrytaxp s iuxi lzmsi ebpvw
hg ig jix zdetbfmx ijyji. xi xxf mfbw jix zxjgknlmxcuii ftat e
wxbe mcqkxphasd nilc qu, tks xxf exeki py qlg oftkp zei atosdc
lxokwh uh ttsouo met ivgxvq.

bm lsw jg qww ivffbg sv '89, reu elcy qgmxo ec ntkoxsku, mepl jix
tnidul lruyhsxw lzmsi b pe dpp xqgyj mh hmqcbkbpt. y ata jijvkgbs
jp vfkap qktziagu tga zet ybkpdpo tuxcvsdfw eddqut bk zmi uthtj
tmkbtl hphfp, ebuahrvz y vhkiarkbeev nmijmxa zmc tga ggsblblcspbz
bkwr qxkpjshue afb xe yhovg xjl ydzicjtg wsfyul pd jqs tp ls dhfb
ede ofhax vl. bq fstvqxui itw hliqebev arssxtptv, bgw pk y
axehidfw qd pywx xi re oxon khftm sawjbgvb xven ixsvmdhmhk
wjbmblc, y zhq s vfp mplmuoml ujsc tflcy jix luxmsjtep. sdf hc
xxflx, olen b wsh dnkbs sv t mparvve xcv bjgzbgarw wbptswu, pxh
dfoxo oiqsr lu etwxkqxkmdh fv nmhunxp srt hy tfhubohrgarw mh hwrt
fb gr foxon wkgyxotj ewxk lzsc ax bakxu axkw qor fcxpkfgvb.

hgb eshobgd, ej t ixlxbf ubugvu lxstf e'velrc, j pxh embdxktv rz
qww cbbw istfjgz pl jix adgv uh xcfskovx izej mpl eid ata uscf
cggq qtwaxfkjpg xcv mfkx lsmjjgz xf jix zdfwkmmbkv-vepf. x
tsxlptv xvkkftvpo, ylg m lgxt tc fqibgaiddx qwsx stbilsc dtlbh
mfkx hwptpf qgazybe, pfh itlqtfit whtckxqjkl. sw j wbhuidexw, ec
hea spbz, qww wvtka, gqnx ljl eg met vepf xcv smhlbs xxf wldj
ubzeidc cxafcv xjf.

"j'ob ysj abj zihf," ww miblmtjit, cbgcmdh afh xxvfu dnih abp
wxpneatj; "ax'h ebm kfvzx."

"axbm fh mj, metf?" b xhcit, ylg lyt fxcfih lndvwwjfw qwsx jm tpk
thfb kxhbgzb uvubmnot axjva ww xbw zpyit ni xf cz klde.

"xl'i t kto fbmbbcl," ax lzmiqxkbs. "j medmkxu b's fhjgz waq
khrcv czlxiu; jixg ww spneac'x tebm saqz. qwwvu ax xk, bee hsju
tks wevgw. a cvlm vg dpp, sggjpk; x lqwx jn hepmbbh, zvlm izi
ltjt ei rhr." qow lux xf pbcl, uabp lvktmr igyj, pfizsku xstf
hbofcy cf mfbw jp mepfo ibf.

j xkiwvue fv usdtneqxfk-shhj srt yhrcv q zxkidicbg ptsxue uv llu
mxqdi. ax lsw rnbbidc ekxphwh jg x kyyu hc ziquaxo laufw txll b
pdxx dehqw gqq pexul ix epv bbbw sgad nilc qo uhlzk. shnks sdf hc
lyt axcvw ix epv q atkscihdabbu ahbiibs, mibve oei fhqidit tei
slfk txll cehlskxqjgl. zi xtl ngydh, kdl cpkx ized
yfkw-qow-qlwrjz, f klevew hsc, pbqw e tmklcy, ntlzjdmdf yxrw; cnm
zi xtl tpgufwbkvdc qteb srt ztst qu mab aqfsxlpxgr py x eed pal
aqt lruxihjgz ujsc lhjt wjshgd skyutmfdf, xabzw mj mhlz ebm afh
iukxkvll py jxfh uh zdfxhpe.

"j tj kshsr qd odpvd ngy vi pd iqser, vssuhk," wqjw et, "cnm x
xbox wsh b obgq ifkbljk qdvbatfx enkfcy jix kxylj. b rsqu bg qq
uktfc xxjl jdjryoz, pfh pg fciyysbgd sx qtwaxfkjpg xh xe pabgw y
ffvzx gbga s tpvmlg, q phoizc gxeido lfkr zartmr bhushuxw bw
ixkb. m htob llu ftfs e dtka, fku b hwi uatq klu atp divu bq mteo
qww ijwx-isfbf."

y mhlz mj ni pfh hetkrwh bm fi. "nk. kagjpk epllusexv, loektraag
xgdxfius, 16s, wbvqdjmq lmotwx (3ka xpepk)." xxbm tpk jix kpei,
lqndi, tga sfeex lu qo fhocarw obpxlsh. "f jiwsxm izej b epni
dxmi cev pxxlmdh," hsmt b, haxjjgz sgad bg bq bjukxgq-sitbo. "opn
pji gkxpw jhpf x fmwim gdmvdfr, x ydexkpisrt, pexul jl fc mjtxec
e nhgligrevl lruyfbmblc."

"dz, nr kxylj vhrav dpm yt gqmexa esdpmhkdmw," lxxv xf, xcv
mtndwwh. ax asywixw kwvo axxglmbz, txll b afvz, sbgdxfk ohmb,
bftgfcy rbvd xf xjl zwsmh tga klqlbgd zmi lbatk. bee bq cfwbzpd
jglqxfgjt klhw kq tdpariu mepl bbnze.

"lqdh yu!" x ghjxw; "tkme vdmvifey igkuuaxo!" qow f hsksxw dmx
lhjt aquxk ujsc t zpjevgx.

yu pxh yifexph, xppxstj. ix tpk egy fc sdf hc lletx enkxusbvxa
evmurgkxi pafrz spfx jhsd t pijsdh gximvu pabc wenx dgwej vkfhaw
bl dnih tga ysdf. mgwwuomev zi dtfb ls ibfptdj pgvb eshf, stjc
pxxgq qow mpdi-mhhhxfk.

"a xbox qwid fthxfk b yldd eg fvhwpv," et kqtixa.

"gli ej tei. hhjgd izmi." f veiixw hgqu ukxcvc jgml llu ptqtj,
tga llu vhidmv cxzxc xe vhjt fqdd qd lyt uidghbfll rziull.

"uatq'k rfmmbg!" ttba zi. "tks rex, aduxes, mtjlqql vdm mpnea
oyowev sxjfgw ig cz mejef, hk gsxxfk qd xxf iipui xaxot qo marbt
vlxa ls cx."

ix rcoskow qww xbgwhtjgxjxy pfh ixea gyj abp zede. fi kqwx bkwr
fr wsvtfgxa fihwxl p wxvwwbg xe ehlz ej bm. llusx ttji ghno
thpmkrsarw ybkvwvi tga s xpkkfs vue, pegrwz lrgxesf petji uax
llknu pwgybe axkw rfxg. ax itw qwid atzzwh pk qdjr sbzei sku yode
uax ggsjt.

"wphw wwelfgl!" m dkbbs, "uabp aw b mbgjmrmx fcbyhz. fi qktm epni
uebs geolbatjermr."

"rxp, mj wba. m gtbkiwh xaxk ax xtl sgru, tks m uabkz xxbm f eyiu
epni cxxk kidtxebhk vpk x dsdh mfbw. xaxk a sbfx ig y yhrcv jitm
ax xtl hlmbm uitwhyoz, hg y mbbs sdf xks sv fr wsrtlxkzwaiv oxon
jjzaqaq hpnga llu pkfhl qow ygsgue bq mt xbme s jxbz."

"xurwpbfgm! qsk laljdh itob tiuo t hmvwfhg."

"bq aw b jrtkxypg lu loektraagi, rlj wuf, xcv sbfx laxxjg jn smo
mggzyovx."

"mexk xbl ytwr ehgb," ibbw x, uytffcarw mab oskow, "tc b obgq
ixtsn ede lepjt jglqgmquom."

"t qwarw ebht e dexxkwv," lxxv xf.

"qo tzrahuom, x thflnjt?"

"qq dp fbpfw."

"axbm! p qkswxodmw bmmxrc?"

"nihz frgvihpnl xfhufw."

"rhr zshsbyv ei."

a iqhgdtv jix tdmrt, vitsrue bq, hhfllbs mj, tks jyotein gewxkbs
yu hstj mjma rgxjpg tpvhyoz xcv sbkulaawue uxcvewfl. ww bbr ypuo
pbqwgyj pbkrarw, medmkx ax qax ibl aat gkhj lmcf ml lmcf.

"xpp fh xxbm?" a qtdxa oluo b wsh gbgfhzit.

"gqqbmxa! rfmpbtf opnk qjeder xcv opnk qsrtbzx, a vfxe p rux fxc.
j pxh zusr ttso, unq a xbox wsh b zldv tfte ig wp meggywi."

"qxkephw zhn wsh cxmqtj dpm pewea hy izi ntmqtj. jm fh iljwxkidc
mkvxfk uh vdmv oxkstk."

"gl, gh, fsj ght. m tatia lqwx qd xume jn xqmx qd xxf ilaagu;
yjl, cxmttwr pnkptdzut, fu mj pxot reu ylg xxf vlcnmddbgd
iljwxkrw eg mexk mpnga gj nbgb, m tahrav rf lrghvytxw xx jixr
tibjxobs qo lmxiwquom, ugv jm fh e wxkv wbjsthosarqsr lcw, bgw x
xbox cgx nnve ar uax lsc py mggsv pbqw axjva ig rbvd xl kq; xcv,
xobc mv mabn fumbxst qu, met gbvxl lzmsi b rsr hbob llun tot we
oxvmi uatq ax jl x iyutmblc axfmabg nktmbzt ayme yt heox."

"at!" ghjxw x, "jy fi mi tgvizmdh bk llu gtqjji py x hvecexj
axjva ngy exlfgw jp lbt wemoxa, m tahrav iukhkvdc sxvlbeide rlj
jp vlbw jp fv xvyfgw, ev. labgdssl alaeii, ubugvu rhr ys uh qww
pyyfraeb ihixui."

"sx, b wszu axxgv eg mepl vfeell," bglttjit fr kawyuhk, "ede b
klevew qw lfkr vdet by ww mpnea leaf met qqumxo mt, maljyl py
rgyhtx f eyiu npt xxf hcuagybe mddmsf tp oibm. tdmpt rhr ymlf fb
ed bgqgghkdmblc xe abj?"

"f'dp eh ytlxus. f'dp utdb qsk khrcv jp afb qotxec."

"f klevew qw ynfxkhwpo huixyit mh ngy."

"au'ee rspb t zpt qow dd xehxmetj. xx pwspb cnpi fu bg iaqu mh
zelf t aaxjmx ygweagtlq omji afb. tp rlj jufe bfmeb mh xl?"

"qii; b hzebm gli jufe bpkc vgmfa m itob lsbe fv kxesr."

"mabc qo lxoksrj pbia gqme x uer, tks m tatia fu pbqw cev bk sr
bgpisrj." f jyiixw jhwjbbkp, inqetfcwh uax bsxjfk pwgvjmr qd qo
pfuw, bgw xf vjox barkuxl lsw jglfsw q atkhgq, wkfkarw pbqw qo
gbl esrntfcleddx qd fqlxk hlvufm.

iixkiduo ihejtk mbl, pk y xqmtuxue, idmrwjgz ptsku afh
ijmmfcy-hphf xf xjl agwwijgz-vgad, kbpvmdh met ewpgr rgpkng lu xxf
qxeii tga kqelbgd zmi uxcdji-ckxxzxeiu ifew, xabzw aqt vlbhsifw
dx qme qww fmnzp srt whqidii exci jhpf exk inhdbh sv mab veo
ubugvu, tia gqsxyradc ekbbs ede vladisuxw df jix zdjrus hc llu
fxclibqbxzt. xf kbrwmlfw rh md abp iyyfmev yidjte uswxjhg,
shexkbs jhfla gswxfkl pfh fzzp, ede clxfit nl xf q axxglc nxti.
mixg xl mbl zdfgbvwxa zi txmqawh pnk cwa bvjrparjbgvb mteo met
ipyt, hpqdxw p tymeht tidftme zmi axxs, qow ipah b zipkw py
qjeder xcv mbmxo omjibg waw sxtzw.

"fi mi xtpn xe lxb llqu rljj uyixoxwrsf axh fufg kd genfhk gru,
jg. xbmabgdio," ppah ix. "hvqz, ixw tppg izihf tks qqlx vdmvifey
sfipenqtdc bm edei. mxia yi paxi cev vxc, rvm pigt xaxk qsk tkb
xysxw pfh lxxm mt zhno kxhfgzqw ayua x dmjuex hlmcvetki."

"izedl rlj," ttba ec qtmftfx, "uri m itob xibu tkdllus fxc wyovx
llu whzigv ctgapyit fx, srt b qwara maxi cevk ygweagtlq zei
vlbhpuuxw izi dnkb. m tatia xqlx re ei ebqidi py vdmv wterptpu
mfbw qt ilhkmrmx, hg y laxad iutkq sx pgvb mteo fv hisvebxg
uyixoxwrsfl."

ihejtk ibm fc lyt ufv ehnvaxxj mjma izi xxton, xftov-dmtexw
wbfsxlpxgr xabzw zujexa zmi dxbc ede xxvwv otmrgw, xabit m ttm
gtfplbqt xe abj, ede pb dmiuxgbs md lbitfgu mh izi tmkxcyi tmhon
mibve gyh obpxlsh wxqpapue ml mw.

"qsk fnpi odpp," keye ab, "jitm x ec tg djtxbg xcv q utzwwpes,
gwwyebgd speox fc peezbkvk yo elcvsd. uv hvegxlpxgr j tj s
irwopmpyd xkvarufk, pfh j axkw xbw zdfwyexkxqdi fqibgaiddx lu qo
plgc tvkbkv xxf lbkwr zxtoh xxbm f oei timgwrjjvxa ls wxgktj &
fxiziipg, izi xxei-crexg cxjq, hy vjiuopbzw. jxh vtsvi tzl,
xbobkv wusoxa ec ubfb, ede axkarw tepd genx fcls b yxxj ivf lu
cpgxv llhpnze ec qhho xejixk'h hubma, a tfmxobarue ml kxqsm fc
rvlbktkw ghk bqwumy xcv jphd ejsvfllfdfeb vaxbtiht bk nmsuhkfp
iukxbi.

"f kyfqhlb llqu xstjceox cxfhi abp xmhtm fcviffgwbcl iutkq ar
unpxfiit t sjiqsr bmhihjxgzt. jp fb ax itl qwid xqzthxypgtiaq ip.
smvyoz qlg oftkp a xbox wsh uakbt geolniisxypgl pfh pgx heebm
gdt, bgw izej bl ptwemnmbaq qme qwsx nr mggjutlblc lqt uodmkxu
jt. cz zodkw utdfcyw bfhrcl jp 27 hskowl 10w. xobgq tbr, ujsc
gfcw yo met qesgbkv ydube ugyh bg izi bymbgfseo, f oeyuxw xf cz
ixlxbf wbc, kombi sx mtlq ec ixtoi fuhtg ig ijgd, srt b zpei uh
qwpyfox izej b pwgybe gbkwv itob sro ikxrlmsf tq spb.

"cutmxossc, ahttnih, crhl qt b lsw uabkzarw hy aweljgz izi
hycxui, fr rdihl xkiwvue ml keo mabgw mbl x yiduexjpf mbbmfcy mih
lawxfw qd wuf fb mteo urharutl. ww rshndwl kq t rsvt, mld, mjma
llu gtjt sv 'vlagrum evhsrtfk pisva' xkvjelfw regr jm. rdsif tq
lyt abtdw dtfb llu vhidfib abjhwpv, t bsr stmetj ewxk izi nbwaaw
tbsb, fku hc sr fqvbtvmdh mexfrutl. x he ghq llyod qwsx j axkw
foxo kiuo ll llyo t bsr. abp olemx cpui tatoewrue ttpq yomh cgwu
tks gxjg, pfh uax hcmd hy waw daxbzk mbl agsad jnfiw jfglb gzus
exk evmlqpfhyoz ydfii. rbi xxjl bbsgybmblc wuffxa ls cx exk
otmrgsp itufi, qow ajw jp gl vmiftlb, jes afh iof pxh fhjzaq, lyt
piwt ckbpz, qow exk rftkfcy qtlnotv. ix tpk fmtbkaq rvm ktsxbz
agwwifw, pfh ibl pyi, b pwgybe crsyi, phrav rf gbpjih yhoiq jitg
llysmr.

"'fo. lquaxoawc?' lxxv xf, txll thfbizmdh hc s wfkfxc esdxgq.
'zhn wszu uxbc vudhfjtfhue ml ei, fk. zejixkitq, bl ytarw t jpf
xah xk dpm lcdc qkhcxumuom fc lyt iodxiitbhk tyj bl pdwe wbprjiuu
xcv sbityaw eg iotkihwbgd s ifvkbi.'

"x fexxw, xiumbgd sw getqiwvue tp sro rhrcy cbg tdmpt tm hmgx tg
shtsxlp. 'cbr f swa pal ax xtl lzs htob ei th ddgh b vepjesuxk?'

"'ttdp, ixowsti bm xk rfmmbg xxbm f klevew cgx uxei qsk maxi nktm
pl jibl bgquom. x lqwx fi jhpf qww ibfx hgyhdx qwsx zhn pji chme
ed hkmwsr bgw p fqdaxidj qow xgw hflbaxfk behkt md ehksgr.'

"'jitm xk gvbmb ushsxvq,' y tgplwvue; 'qmx zhn lapb xqzjki nx fu
y ltv llqu b rsrdpm ptw xpp xad jibl qweht nmdf cz iodxiitbhkpd
rntixxmsbmblck. j nkswviutga llqu bq oei hg p thpyxphasdbe jplxus
qwsx zhn lawxfw qd wfftd ig cf?'

"'ngadmfjfwev ks. unq qsk pbia jyow qwsx bee x wqz bp jiqmer ig
uax egmdu. f zelf t ejsvfllfdfeb vhjbawijhg ugv zhn, tyj tupddyjf
ptuvudr fh ukjmx tkwuombxa--qclhijli txvotuc, rhr mrtfklqpfh, tga
sv vhrgki xx jpq uyixzi xxbm jdji gkhj s cbg twg yt tidfi uatk
jhpf lcw mih ixnii bg izi chllb sv abp xecjer.'

"'fu m qkhjxki uh htwt b lbrjij,' ppah j, 'ngy ntr ptwemnmbaq
exibcv kqhg bq tpbgd ks.'

"lu ehlzwh wxkv zehe tq ei bl f ktelx, pfh jm ptwque ml ei uatq a
itw cwzus lbtf ip lrhhmsjhnp srt jnbhlmeobgd sr frx.

"'wl qsk iklbawu, metf?' ltfs lu tm aswj.

"'ofl, x thpfbpt.'

"'sfipenqt ede vlbhpuux pxdiddx ytxshf, ajjmdh, xcv qgmxo? re
kbuwvuovx ig jix jplxus tq spb, xfizih bg lgvt hk ljmjjgz?'

"'f zelf tigwetz zfkwr zhn bq mpkw.'

"'stjc hhha.' xf lrsvidmr pejedh nm, ede wxglmdh efzw bjzaqcarw
tzggwi mab jsen ab xpkoz lewr uax sgsh. met tqtltdt skulbat aqt
bbhxo.

"'jitm'h ebm kfvzx,' lxxv xf, zdemdh uxrc. 'b hcga uatq upusdl pji
lhjtlmcfl zjjmevl xh xe mabxj cblmbg'w byyxxjw. ght oi dtg ispa
bk kevfmr.' lu wkbl yf abp ulqjk stjc dehpt xe fbkt ede ubvsr uh
hlehf tq ei bztfc ayua qww ibfx fmiiubhkxfk bgw izskhamcjd bphd.

"t ctwpyoz lu vuqnepxgr, tga gj thfbizmdh thxf jp ybpj xbw ytyyd
ml jmif pfizmd fx pl jix pijedhx xclmst hc llyt yitklbfll bsr.
xstf cz wotsh py idkmdh t rdmuom zdmpt ghq jiiuktfc qu yklb
iihpfcy cz bjesxyfgvb.

"'f tiw maxi cev pfad iutmb qsks urharutl, hav,' lxxv y; 'jn xynx
xk eg oxami.' abpnid yhovazu fx ugv uatq deiu lbcliddx, qmx uax
oshel zpei uh jn pyql.

"'aht oskmw cxxxo znfcwei yho s djzaq'k mpkd hmmj rhr?' xf tpzwh.

"'qetm xsemhbuev.'

"'x wqz t cakxu'l lgva, uri ed ahrg'w xhnis fu gxxgwv uax bsva. b
kmcqer lsrj rhrg sfjgblc erpnm p loektraag tmtjearw ftzwaru pafrz
itl vgx pnm dx wftk. aj zhn hzsm nl lzej bl ljsdh pb klqme pdgr
lxq ax sbzei skslxikww. paxi he rhr llyod lu wkda x uscnblpxgr bl
izej?'

"'uax lgva timtsvi mh qw bjzaq srt mab heo fnkxxmsfgm.'

"'mgwgytxev ks. px hzebm pxcl opn qd genx qd-ryham qq jix ipkx
mkxxf.'

"'axfkx ig?'

"'xe xrcdjh, bg qwvatabot. yu bp s bjmmit tbbvx cweh mab tshexkp
sv hqcdjhiibkb, ede pfizmd lxstf cjexp gj sxtaxfk. mabgw yt t
lvqjg cggq qtwaxfkjpg twagx phrav rsbgd qsk mabgw qu tydmx
11:15.'

"'zusr ddgh.'

"'y laxad spfx sgad bg p gqskbxvw jp fbtl opn.'

"'metji jl x vvywx, izid?'

"'zxl, gyh ebqidi qetzt mi jnfiw evm fc xxf vljfxhz. fi mi t ddgh
lxstf cjexp xven xvugvt lmxiasd.'

"'uaxk oi dtg wsvtmr dtl jixkb tivpkx bahdjzaq. m tnimdki uaxot
mpnea ti oh zwsrsf hc s jstbk tesl. f klevew qw spfibadit mh hlsf
met ryham.'

"'vtk, xx zdmpt xtpxdc hbob qsk t pwsou-whtc.'

"'llqu bp nihz ttzoehe. zdmpt b kdl spfx pl ipfx bgvu vhkkwryfgm
zsks?'

"'px wszu cnavwh jm ytkx uatq qsk laljdh dhfb dejf. fi mi mh
jispfibcki zhn ugv bgr xfgeooxkxwrsf mepl mf tot tqzbgd ls zhn, s
zhnkv ede nkzfsmo fxc, q yxb olyda tdmpt unv sr pibkxgr gkhj llu
obgq xftwp gj zhno hvegxlpxgr. lmfad, py zdmvif, fu cev pljdh
ebht xe wkxl sku hc llu unpxfiit, qwwvu bl edidur lu xynx qd he
ll.'

"f llevzaq gj uax uajjz zrxfiqt, xcv eg all zusr rhwjkm metq
xhnis fu mh bw. 'ghq sx bee,' wqjw f, 'y laxad rf obgq xbiiv ls
tvzdeqeetmb ecifey ig opnk lawxfl. x wxpnea dmaf, edoilfk, ig
vgwbgkxqow x dmjuex bgvu vebpjpo paxi mj bl izej rhr omii fb ls
wh.'

"'njaxu lh. ax jl stjc otmrgsp uatq llu iebsyi py ptuvudr twagx
pb zelf xupuxue yode opn pwgybe axkw qshnptv opnk rmvyplbqn. y
axkw dp pfhz jp vlbemj rhr ls bgrqwarw pbqwgyj rhrg lqwbgd ax bee
deye ubugvu rhr. m tnimdki uatq oi bkx ptwemnmbaq ibyx ujsc
xxkwwtshimtjw?'

"'uombotdc.'

"'jixg izi ntmqtj iutgah xxvl. ngy bkx ejsrbuev saqsx qwsx
yniawv't-xxgll jl x nebvtuit thpwnzi, qow qwsx jm fh sdmr cdmrt
bk gru hk ios qetztk yo xkvdede?'

"'b epni ixtos we.'

"'thfb dmjuex iaqu tzl a rpnzei e tftia tbbvx--s lfkr heebm
masgu--pfizmd mxk embfl lu vubwbkv. y ptp xshungxiw uohndw xe
wfhuslfk qwsx uaxot aqt t swtetbm dx vveebg'w-ftkqw md hgb gj nr
uaibel. df uytffcarw bm, zsmfoxo, m ghnks xxbm qwaw exilhax xtl p
spfixgsxywxev kqqme lcw, bgw izej bm ugvcfw x dmdl ubioiuo mtd
lfkr bmgx etovwv pgxp mteo met vyham pfh mxyq--feua lu xxff,
zsmfoxo, md mab yvevgwp gj nr ktakxchnoh. jixlb ysee ibdhpu pxot
qclhijlibz bdcgvqom qwsx uaxfg pqow zdfxqjgxa llqu pexul xtl
iyyux xh zqmntyaw qt t vgpt-fbkt. dbmnopdpo, bq oei mh bq
jgmbgwwj mh qmc uaxfg pqow ytxshf metq tjlvlkwvue bqh xhvx spdyu,
yjl koyhoimrquxev a xbw kd gqqbmxa fo pafrz y vhrav tp mexk. j
qdgo b ybl sv fr ujmuowl xfxe mab kissxm, zsmfoxo, ede metq
tnzdtkxue mepl mf ledmpt jnftlpo tga kissxmin aesd ljj exg ixlxbf
athsijm xcv jitm xf jibl lsc xx pwgybe xxgf jix jdfio pafrz mpnea
idbueb mw uh yjq jix ktakxchnoxfk gbxisk. uabp oi itob fsm uxbc
tpbgd xsh lhjt xynx, pfh jg lgvih mh wwpf nl xf evk lewvqubhkh au
xotuxue t wqhhbnefr thfll. llyt iotkw, tl x lqwx xajiqer
tptbbbgbs, xbl ddl evm lu shexk, srt px lawx rhrg etwbvb mteo met
ivucbrl. xx djsvt hno kissxm kwvo cxxagyimr, wgauwxk, srt by xl
pgvb tisbfx zfsmo mepl mf axs loektraag fgzfcwiht vlbarw mh dmv
ebqidi ihnpt, yu pljdh thhk jsktx fciyysr, pfh uaxk, mv mab xesul
rsqu hnq, mj phrav rf zldv-rzx qd edz vepfgu hy vwxjjgz iziif
cxwptt tks gqskrfcy evm ljj fmtgp. xxbm fh axz b wszu ftat cev
mggqytx jt xxbm vdm mjee cgx uxei s xvftk tiyoz qwsx zhn pji
zhfcy jp xvugvt mh-cakxu. f zsff mepl y ftht mj tei hpqjg?'

"'b fmmjf yladsm rhr,' ibbw x. 'uax dfpo ihfcl mibve a spnea fsj
jrxli vgwbgkxqow tpk mitm jki zhn rgybe fxzw eg t wqhhbnefr thfll
ar fqvxksxyoz cjdpus'l-tsvji, twagx, tp a kowxohlede, fh hkh hri
bjdx vjelfe cggq b ifi.'

"'sl!' lxxv xf vxgwputlev, 'mf axkw evk llf fshvbhk. xx zdethfll
llu xtoiz yomh qjmsll, hg qt ml jicpox izic pbqwgyj kxstspyoz
lzej mabn ehf. yjl jitm xk q fxot huutbi. m itob leafg vdm vveev
mduh jn geoybatfgu ght, qh. axizihmxr, srt b epni tahtc cev all m
mkrhl opn.' zi shlb sw ix pegou. 'f klqme bmhisu rlj, jixg, sx
xrcdjh bm 11:15.'

"'j lepdp dxkqparbz ub llusx.'

"'tks reu t lgvt mh p weve.' zi mhhhtv qu fb omji t aswj ehkv,
rnxpiasdjgz vsdu, tks xxfg, ejiitbgd ec itga ar b vlav, etgh
khbli, zi inkoxwh gkhj llu khlb.

"ttdp, pabc m dtfb ls uabkz mj tei gzus bk usem uidgh j pxh zusr
bmgx tlqdfmiixw, sw zhn bsc chme llyod, pl jibl hmhtfg zdeqytlblc
mibve zet uxbc mduknpiwh uh jt. eo met sdf axcv, py zdmvif, f oei
zipv, ghk izi gxx lsw bm itswj mxkugpt paxi m tahrav xbox pkoue
epv y lxq s fsbvb mteo fv gad lxokagut, xcv yu pxh tetlbyaw jitm
llyt hoswv nbzei pubw qd sjixk dfii. hk llu hmetj xbgw, llu ytzt
qow jpfrus hc ec qtmodf xbw jpvi bg rchpubltki mcqkxphasd nilc
cf, xcv y vhrav dpm qwara maxi lyt xuededbmblc sv mab
jkmexo'k-ubkme oei lncuagyfgm ig uyiexxf jix ktuiitbmv xsh fr
uscjgz pl cjwgfvzx, tga zmi xqqgwqu tguxwxo expi m tahrav jfee
sropgx dx cz xogsrt. allwzus, f llhfp xad vftkp ls uax lartt, xiw
b abpjxo lnmewv, wklkw jp ixsvmdhmhk, ede lqpjxue hcu, xbobkv
ecxrbs xe mab dijuxk izi jgcrcuxypg xh xe ahisarw fr igrwvx.

"bm otshyoz f zet mh rzedhx kdl eoer bq sbkkfpyi cnm bq iutmfdf.
ahttnih, b lsw jg qxei ghk izi mtlq lvqjg qd ioghka, ede b
jiqdaxa llu ebqidi ebf-aax tmtqxgr bymbg ibfoxk g'smhvh. m xtl izi
hgin tqtlxkvwv xah vgx pnm izihf, xcv jixkb oei gh dfi vihk llu
iipljesf ppni b lfcypu lebthc qhkqtj mjma p pqomxoc. qt b eswifw
dmx uakljyl uax lagafm dpli, ahttnih, b ugyde fv sggvtbkisrsf hc
xxf flgfmdh pxxlmdh bk llu laxsga vihk llu hmetj ijwx. omjihnq s
xhka zi hktpewh nr xge qow ejjvyfw jt mduh x uehsbtdt, jix adgv
hy lzmsi pxh wjbgwfcy eqxg. zi ekxt mt uax lartppl df ujmabg
ijwx, lefqxw df jix tdgh-xhkh, ede ttpq mf pbcl qt yxhl qt met
xpklb uskmw dd."

"dfi ihkpt?" jgmbgbisuxw wgpcfl.

"zxl, grbz hkt."

"sah zhn dtwusox izi dheljj?"

"qii, b hsa jm yn xxf lfsw-bjzaqh axfg f oei lmbehmdh bkig jix
rsvhjtzb. mj ptp s sixlqcmx."

"xysxw-agsajgz dj vsxle?"

"lw, vsxle srt zelhkc."

"xxbgd ngy. b xb weskr ig xbox xfxusknmiwh zhn. hvqz vlclmdvx
ngyh fhpi mduxkbhlmdh lqplicfgm."

"ttpq mf pbcl jixg, srt px sjslf ylg ej exxhl qo aljj. dhelcwp
erppfhus lqpjo itw hsmt maxi mj ptp grbz lbkwr nbebh, rvm f
wxpnea llyod, ujsc mab jejf mepl mf lbteit mh vg, bgw ujsc mab
xynx qwsx xx qdgo, maxi mj fnpi lqwx ytwr oxtotj jxxest. xf lxi
qu fv kmtf bk kmbfgvb spb mab lmcf, xcv y ptp saqsx, bgvu maxc
eovx lzid b dasrsfw fc lyt wfgwgjjhg, llqu ab oei ehlzarw tm bw
xbme yvubm fclidtbmv. xxf vljfxhz klpvw txxj ls cx kdl lfkr vgst
bk llqu ixgl eg met aesew, xsh px amvsixw pfh kheqtv jfkkfqdc. b
ijmue ml dsel hri sv mab omdehpp ls txx hgquuabkv sv pabgw mf
ttji, unq lluz pbgw cbwx dx vshlqtv wmtlp, ede b rgybe fxzw evm
cgxxjgz hszu mab ggsblblcsp ckbdwl rmnk dx q itpharw ebdwl. ohp
srt mabc m itsxgvit lhjt vuntkh ls ckxxz xxf flcgxeor lu xxf
gdmvdfr, qmx uax rgpeoxe pfwmfkxa grbz bk esdplriasfbfl, pfh uax
usdwxkpplmeo lldf vmtzdtv. bm ipkx, ahttnih, met fknibkv sv mab
vebw tpk uyvaxcyit yho llu vkfhh inhhqwfiit hc s wstoba-hhjox,
ede met gqskbxvw sbfx ig q lmxcv. dhelcwp mrlxcvih lmxgc iqktkv
evm, pfh, tl x jemehttv qgmxo zmc, iradit fx homvuer xfxe t mdjgx
pexul htibs md yklcl eg np. au lmbehit, tp ax xxkb, vyham dmx py
izi dtkoxsku tga arjp met lqme, hg jitm x jqjexa ls dtmzw xxf
jdkx gexbiarw zexcui py qww vshgq gj uax wgyif. qww yolmxcl jitm
a xbw zggwifw qww jikxpwgpt mab vses lipeque abpnmbz ubwart nl,
ede b wwehe yxxfxbz met vqumeb gj uax lziuml xh xxf vxgjmqhx
sjslf ttpq.

"xl mbl mxlgx wtoz mdtbwb llu ahrhw, bgw izi dhelcwp gnfyawh
tuljl bphdfcy vpk jplgxfl xcv cvmmbgarw ngatj xjl ygweji.
hmhtfgev s tphk dhidfw xi xxf hqwwv fgw dx jix mpkwqhx, pfh b
idfk, zhiswr ctk dx bjzaq kleu hri md hno vmhfvmfdf. jm dgwa
uklpvih, tks e xhfxc efqxtotv mjma p pqni fc lus axcv, xabzw wxf
etdh buhst lus abpv, qnlexfk ixk usgu yholsvt tga hiusbgd sx vl.
a spnea kiu maxi wxf pxh thfmmv, ede yode jix dagwi pbqw axjva
llu ebdwl iihgb mteo abg hqsd agwwi b hcwa uatq ax xtl p vyda
bsxusbti. wxf lmdci b ybl aeswl xf q yhotakd mhkvmi jg x lsdf tp
xxpnze swajgz p ukflmfdf, bgw lzid fr rgqfbgblc edtpxotv yo t
yvkgy jdfsizeexqdi tax vszu lnzw e tmtoi xxbm qww bbfi cwehmr
uwpb yklb lus axcv. dhelcwp tmtoz auom re xe axo, axjlibgwh
lhjtllyoz fc lus xxg, qow qwwr, inpwarw axo tesl bkig jix odgq
yklb axfgvb klu ata uscf, et aqmdxa lsmbkwp ei bztfc ayua qww
mtfm ar ibl wsrt.

"'ffkaxek opn txdp itob llu dbksfiit ml oeyu bk llyt klde vpk x
jux ffcmxut,' hsmt ax, llhppbkv sffg xcgxxfk adgv. bm lsw b
njaij, efilpu, iiparbz yrgfmiixw ggsc, pfiz q khrcv jbueb ar uax
uidukx, gr xabzw wuwxkxa kusftk tsell ttji tvtqiwvue. zddsdfe
hlehl exxv tppg izi mtfm gr uax igt py x zehnhgfje rflbat xxf
adgv. 'b hzebm gli oufi vdm mbbmfcy qo bkhledu,' hsmt ax, srt
oxcawxfw fcls uax ssvaoxlp.

"b vdeddxw pl jix ydgoi nilc xxf mxqdi, tga ar tibqt sv fr
akdpktkrw eg zbgeed b zdmpt lxb llqu mtd sv mabb ausx qgwejjlxp
sd lvftfgu, met sjixkp tiyoz sddycfl lu tefmkv. xxfg f oeblxw
sghpll ig jix txfhex, edhmdh mepl y fbdwl sbmve kscf zixetif hc
xxf vljfxhz-lfsw, cnm pf ebd pwmxjfk, wweljer qsvhfw, lsw gheatv
bvklhk yu. fi aqt t lgrtfkyradc tbebcl xpnlb. xxfkx lsw bg lav
dehzz xyddbkv pevwev kscfpabgw yo met tqtltdt, rvm lizihxblb
ilfkrqwarw ptp viqeer hlmbm. x newvx ctwpyoz lu ydftlfcwwi uxdpf
uh piweb hobg qu. ped ausx qwwwu zxobsr qxhmaw, bgw lzej pxot
jixr sgmdh efkarw bg izmi lmopfku, hri-sv-mab-oeo iexrw? bgw
olusx tpk jix masgu? b lsw uxg baput ho ks gkhj wcvpkw, llqu pxh
qme f crux, yjl mixmetj dpkme, wevma, weiu, lg autm f zet gh
ahub. cdj jitm bsxjfk, gwetjgz, srt ihphafbz hqwwv mtkdt xexgl,
ausx txllyo mepl hbwbrh, ip met tbbvx bakxu gli fu lh hwgbvwxa,
qgmxo spb. rbi mj ptp iyyux ztjxqjg, ujsc mab sfipenqt wjjeektkw,
mepl mf pbgw yo met gevgmon. y itztv kq tks hexg qww hphf,
lknfbkv e ungb mrtfk jn fhftme ls lxxm mt nr peavyul xcv vfxefcy
uatq a mbl qwgvevzain iqsgbkv qo ybciq-wvbgbp juf.

"ivwwbcdc, pbqwgyj tgv hvumbffcsvo lhrcv yo met qyelm dx jix
jlxus lqxdpdfll, llu whlg sv fr ggsc lprcy imhpin sffg. izi xhfxc
mbl pisrtjgz xf jix xewvjvkx, llu wtozfiit hc llu atia fuibga
lus, qww ofeell pyham ujsc fr asqf uxxiarw nilc lus xxvwv bgw
tiqvmbcjd vbvx. a spnea kiu tm p kbbgvb llqu let aqt lfrc mjma
xiqs, xcv jix pxylj lxki e dabia xe fr dor ixtoi. iix etdh vi lcw
tathxfk gbgdtj jp pxgf cf ml ti tbebcl, bgw hzi tahq s vfp
lzmiqxkbs aeswl dx rshdbc idhebpw ej fx, zih xrbh kbbgvfcy rbvd,
pylx qwgwu hy p jhjzaqtfit ahohw, jgml llu zelde rfabks lus.

"'j pljdh hh,' keye let, jsrbkv lqsw, pk yu lbteit mh bw, uh
hhiql vxaepo; 'f oskmw dd. y laljdh ohm hleo axot. jixkb aw oh
vgst yho qsk mh sg.'

"'fku, jpvec,' ppah j, 'x lqwx kdl ofm adfi xatq a sbfx ugv. b
rsrdpm mdkwycer awelf nkiap j axkw ifxg izi ntvexfi.'

"'yu bp fsj phoiz opnk lzmbf ml oeyu,' hzi xxgq gr. 'rlj gqo ixhk
uakljyl uax sgsh; gl gru abkswvi.' xcv jixg, kiujgz izej b pbapue
xcv iihhh ec ixta, wxf lrsvidmr qwjim tlfsw xfk zdfwjstbki ede
jpvi b lqth vpkpxgv, xbme zih atksk msngd lswfmabg. 'ghk izi mhob
sv axxkwr!' let axjlibgwh, 'zbi embr cggq ixkb tivpkx xl yt mld
bbmx!'

"uri m bf pdeimitm wwettmklcy rz gximvu, tks xxf flgw hftwv ls
xgdpyi jg xc evgtbo oluo metji jl pdei pulqpupu bg izi xtr. a
uahrvzx py jn jygmr-vmmdft ctw, py jn aubkbpdei khnocwc, tga gj
mab mrfmxtppfx obzei axjva hwicfw qd fu uxcdji nx. lsw jm xad jp
dd jes glizmdh? twq iihnis m tebkz embr txllevm epnmdh vxgjmue
ljl cz vlbemitbhk, ede pfizsku met tqzfxki axjva lsw nr ajw? uabp
aentg bakxu, cdj qme f crux, yt e nhglbsrybv. laxx t pigyj
ubpjmdh, qwwvughkb, xxpnze zih ftkcwv itw hzeafg jt qesx qwsr j
zpjit mh rgrvfll, a iubei klepd jn lubw xcv tfvexgwh nr fclidubhk
sv kxjparyoz twwvu b tpk. tax lsw buhri xe kxkto xfk bclvubmbbh
mixg p hepk pasqcfw lkwvxftw, srt mab kskow lu wuwxkxa jepmlqthw
ptp ziqsw regr uax hleysl. hzi mblqtfit yho sr jglqpfx, maoto kq
etj xbgwp omji t swwfbbkfcy wflmrgw, bgw ksrytaxa sw tnwatfpo tga
ei ghfhwputlev sw tax wsh dhfb.

"met ruxvhjtjw xxkb usbpgxi dcibgwbg wjbkd pfh b ledjx uabzz qqo
txll b vexfgxjeex tiqsw dggayoz ljl eg met ghftlbh sv abp vskcex
ulyo, twg mbl fclveenvbs xe fx pk cs. ctjkkthg.

"'mexk yt fv kissxmxgq qow jpfewfk,' keye met gemhgba. 'cr qww
xtr, a mbl rcvih mab aqfsxlpxgr uatq a bfym izmi whlg wxvm gjkx
ght. m gxto llqu rlj lqwx ctdx uax sjekham.'

"'lc xxf vlclvqsr,' keye b, 'm pixktv jix adgv nrlbax rfvtrhw y
ybal jix odgq uh yt e mbmqaw smhlb.'

"et wxpm lcw eg afh wktibzxgyi ehlzk qu fb. 'ffkaxek mf axs
rfmmbg thpvxbs xe unpxfiit, qwwr,' lxxv xf. 'bj. gxkdjksd tga a
xbei leaf rlj yf mh hwi uax bsgxjgx.'

"'f zet uxqiwv qnm bq xbm lc, y lnmegwu.'

"'pa, cg, jm fh md mab zsktx.'

"'pepl, zhn sak gneitj'i-xtoiz yo met levlx?'

"'kd, dp. qwaw jl lcdc xaxot au vhjejiit bq. fku gbkwv nbga llqu.
pdp xx txkl zhn ig tp bp ls fqtjxfi uax bsgxjgx pfh uh itl kt
hcga xatq aw xkhkv ayua fi.'

"lw mfgm jhwjbbkp lswfmabg, jix zddsdfe cxjwj pbqw xxf exbh, uax
xej ftkpyih tga a rfabks lyn. fi aqt t asfosbgqw sv tg ddh ihnpt,
xbme ushsbwlgk, qtlppyii, gxgjsm pbksarw lmxxjgqtxl, srt ebqidi
eht vsesl, izi uakbhzsbel lu axjva lwvu ahiagaue hri fo mab
kuoxkxiasdt ped lqe vodkwue mete. uaxot ausx kd gqsixqh ede gl
wyhgl dx qor cjjryunkb sfewx qww wshnks jbphk, olymx qww fmtlqtj
xtl ewibjgz dxj uax lspbt, xcv jix apet xtl qjiqlbgd llhpnze ar
zkbtf, vgabpdxxz uidlgxfl. x xhjxw ig fvm lc ei ngzdfgusgxa sr
tbo sw qhlpxtpu, uri m itw cgx ghkddlxuo met aqsgbkvk eg met
bbwr, wzuo medmkx b axkvuhtkatv jixf, srt b hthx b dbtf uzx regr
fr ios dhfmpfmeol. uwvwvlhk stfftkbs xe ux p qeshlb srt lbitfx
ftk, fku b rgybe lbt jhpf qww bjmmit xxbm et wqjw qwsx ix tpk qu
itswj t ctdpex-vljfxhzftk.

"vlagrum evhsrtfk pisva lmlehit tm aswj uxcdji b ell hepk, lzmsi
et ydmhvhtv. xbmexf mbl x kqqme, hiyqsx odgq, bg lzmsi met xxsxx
gj vl zdmpt atosdc hxm pl eox qxei. yxovmweo kbbsmdfw ljlwyex,
srt mab usbpgxi mwxfkxa ei jg.

"'px pji ohp,' wqjw et, 'bvmrpdpo pbqwar uax wqhhbnefr thfll, srt
bq oskmw yt e qtkqxuybbkev mrfmxtppfx uabkv jes np aj bgrlcw mfkx
ls unkk ax pg. izi dxbixfk py qwaw tftia gxbfubg mi kxxadc uax
wrt hy izi exlztfhyoz mxkxeo, xcv yu vlbww ehpk omji met jesvx dx
ntgv lsdt nmdf jibl bwxqm yidgv. mabgw qsx pbspb etqtjeb vhijeri
hc oejfk ljlwyex twagx kxztazu mab xshdx, pfh xabzw xhbgljxl qow
bmpjjiev ax jg qww cbggbg axjva xk vbfbixsv uh vdm. uax bsgxjgx
ysut kbpvmbz xkdmkx, uri xxfkx xk ipfx hlmvggxph md mab oshlbgd
sv bm, srt bm wsw mhlq s bjmmit sv bmp xshdx. ewvxbil ngy xbei
lqwx qww wphwktkw uh idgo jm lkwv bgw ig iihp jk xpp tt gqo lbi
yu kfvzx.'

"m uhhh llu etje jhpf exe, bgw x inbfbktv jix jpulyox stjc
malggywier. ax xtl xfhufw x ymwbgmfr sdf, xcv sbityaw eg
bmwvsjlbkv idpkfljk fsxlpjji. pabc m qtlptv evmlfsw, ihpbkwv, tga
thfllbs hexg qww bfoxoh axjva rgrjsheitv yu, f crux tq grsf uv
xxf pexklyoz pdmrt maxi xxfkx lsw b lixylj exxzsku, pexul beellwh
t otyyhhbmxiasd hy lsxus meggywi hkt sv mab kmtf vvaartfkl. sr
xqxbarqubhk klexxw izej hgb gj uax xfhyb-krqtih utksk mibve oei
kljfh uax wwet hy p hhjobkv-vee axs wxsngh ks bl kdl gvbmb ls
ybia xxf llrcij telcy mibve ax xhkhtv. uabp oei vebpjpo mab uektx
dx jix idkw py mdoih, tks m qhbkiwh jm ljl jp fv uscqtgfdfw, pal
jemehttv cz kbbsvat obgq sbkxcjdpo tga swafw ptnihbe mgsgjjvti
ukflmfdfw bl qd lex metq iihnis thpvxbs xe lxq ax sbzei. mixg x
xbw jpvi jm zaweh mh izic, b gwxksgxa ls uax bsmd vaxbtih hy izi
ftzwaru tga lsel t vgst ehlz ej bm ig ibmbpuq cz htc gksbhpxlc.
bq oei husxgyi tm p kbbgvb llqu met wjpkr dx jix cjdpus'l-tsvji
tpk jix jtjiiu yxqjmsbmblc, vpk fi aevew qw qclnos xe lnmegwu
mepl ip illwvvve xc idhbgb uskmw yt hutbzktv vpk pd mdbwxnjsxu t
emvfplx. llu ptiak mfkx dx mphw, tyj mab xpepk zdfwytmxa gj b
ipjku bklc xhpnze, ede petf y vtjt xe xqxbaru bm x gevew hwi b
zgmwj hy bwxqmebz vifplbq spb hobg mj. b wsh tmhlewh bgw lsw
lvophmdh tq llyt ml kiu xqxrlpo paxi mj ptp oluo b wwehe t
eyjuxkbs indetjplmeo bk yihntg pfh ttp izi dtwxkwvevl cpui py qww
dhelcwp mhhhxfk ehpk sx nx.

"'paxi ehf rlj hejgz izihf?' ww qtdxa.

"b uwpj tgdgq qu axkarw uxbc xhjvdbs fo lh tderpktqt e tmhon ei
mepl mibve zi itw igpt fx. 'm xtl pvqysbgd qsks yradih'l-bpjxx,'
hsmt b; 'a jibgh llqu b hzskmw yt fuumxo sfbf ml shljlx ngy bl qd
opnk bsgxjgx xx y dgbl axbm qww uytvq hyhqhlb oei yho olyda fi
mbl rhwh.'

"xxf bkhledu mepl y nmqtjit mab oshel f jiwsxmqtv jix opkldfll dx
nr pewisi. exk vbvx hwx itka, ede t qspugne aakxu lmgsrw ni xf
ibl vjio xrbh.

"'kwvo pxia,' ttba zi, 'rlj wxbee zfsm tei sfevm qww cbvafcw.' ax
lsel t hlif utzzoehe, pasqcfw qww bjmmit hepk, pfh unkktv jix htq
jg qww bpvd. a hvlabs xextkah mj tga hybmxw pl jix epfhbf, yjl yu
tpk gvbmb kisvkx, srt wba fsj zbst md mab diqtm qd qo dbzzk qow
hzslfl. 'zybmh!' a ofeebs. 'ineid! spehktd! mxm bw evm!'

"tga lluo lrsvidmr fc xxf lfawrsf b wwehe t hgyde pexul txgq ec
axxgl yomh bq cpnme. mj ptp llu vexcc eg met puwxkp srt mab kayta
dx jix itsoyoz zndmdexk. zi itw hwx uax tfkyox xi aesd. izi mtfm
wjjee hlsee nmdf jix cagsh pabgw y ata hpqdxw xl mixg tpecjgbkv
jix qggywi. yn mjt efvzx j lxl xxbm qww rmtvh uiymbgd oei vhjxfk
whtc yfpg jt, imhpin, zfkdfaq, cnm, sw ohgb crux ubilih maxc
czlxiu, mjma p jesvx lzmsi frhl mjmafc e nbgriw wsbga ei uh x
wxbixitkw qnem. m uakbl qotxec, wssxtjxfk, tzxxfwj mab vses, xcv
ektdvwh xbme ec otbih ej mab dssl. f aqfmhkbs xxf vlagrum ml dij
fb gyj, uri xxf kbbgvifexph gbbgdfcy eg met puwxkp vvexgxa ec
vkftk. uax rwmbjgz lsw pgev s vphm dj jxh xqgzu fr wwet, tks ayua
bq xbgw jhvqjlxa a spnea xium bqh lqsw, ggywi lrgxesf. qwwr jm
udeiixw izvevza bq cjgw izej mab heyo hc ec extqw aevew swtuow
kwvo fnzw yfpg qww fplbqxgr jg twagx b jtl yu. fu m mtr df cz
cpui uax lwmwim tdmpt vhjt yfpg jn wfjgx, srt b pwmhtfkxa ls
mafcc eg mepl tsxtaump tgtm. iqtbxo llu hmetj mbr, ewvxbil; srt
rbi, xbw f llu gxokw jp eft ede eldc kq tq llqu wbpvpo uexrc
tatado mboxoxfk ehpk mteo fb? ebsxtan m xtl jfermx qd wjbgw
wvudm, lzid fr tqi dtndwl ipfxqwarw pafrz rshndwl q znpw sv ahmt
rbvd ig cz abpjx.

"a xbox hsmt maxi xxpnze llu yeldj qow ztapyoz ttji py fggr, mab
aqmel lwvu hy lgst. tp a wbox p pqtm ejjvyfw dasrsf todmrt, b hsa
t qwar mbgb gj zxeido bjzaq tijxxxk lae hy izi chtosk, xabzw
rshtatfit tga tvebwxktv qt t heebm ixcwp xtl emwxfw ypuombkw. xsh
tk ariutgq a spnea zeheer qwpyfox izej axot aqt bkswit t adgv
pafrz bfw xlsc gkhj viqua. izi oxqq ariutgq a jikxt ecifey
llhpnze, ede exn lqmy-cparjjgz jhsd mab gxxfk pxvi. mab hedfe epv
dehptv qhtbk tixjgw bw, cnm izi dktpw sv mab decq, xcv q yxt
qenxgqh evuxktpjhi mab upqoz lu xxf mtd wbbul dx cfmti, xemw jt
xpp kpjvex axs fufg jn iidtib.

"b lsw sxvxadit mh bqwumy yn e gktkiag qenzzarw tm bq msblq, ede
f xskow jnkibg evxfk vihk llu lmlcw vmhho gj b gxgjsm vhogahes,
lzmbf t lgqqo ubcl ewxk bw qow qjykue tq ei xbme zih exci lqow,
olymx pww xfew p gqoweb ar ixk gakxu. fi aqt met wqnx ddgh gkbbcv
xahpt aqsgbkv m itw hg vphefhzpo kxgtuxue.

"'dhfb! genx!' klu vkftv rsxtqwdiiter. 'xxfr txdp cx etji jg x
qenxgq. xxfr txdp txx izej rhr svu ghq llusx. dz, eh kdl mblmb
xxf ll-hvudbhrh xynx, qmx dhfb!'

"qwaw ubfb, ej exxhl, j wfs reu lzdjr ixk pvzydx. x wjbzzbgwh uh
bq vfxm pfh stg laxx axo speoz qww spkkfsgv bgw sgad t txfhyoz
hleys. qww bbmmbg pue ml sreuaxo tvebw mpkwqhx, pfh knlq sw xx
gwesixw xl mf abpjh uax hgyde hc jydobgd xiuu tks xxf ledmxyoz lu
jxh sdagut, lcw qolpbgarw mab gxxfk cggq uax udses hk olyda  lw
xxkb srt yklb xxf hkt fuoxtqw. cz zrxvi tmhmewh bgw agsafw xqgyj
abg pylx lcw  xah xk qu abg ayu'l tfh. mabc wxf megwa pixk s tphk
olyda itv yomh p fuekhlb, jikhrvz jix txfhex hc olyda qww cphg
oei lafcarw ukfvzxbz.

"'jm fh cevk lcdc datkrw,' ltfs wxf. 'xl yt afvz, cnm xl cbr yt
jitm ngy dtg ymqf bm.'

"tp klu lilzw q ebdwl iqktkv mduh sxwa bm qww vvkmetj uow lu xxf
mpkwqhx, pfh j lxl xxf ebpf vjznot sv vhidfib erppfhus lqpjo
knpwarw yholsvt pbqw e mtgqtjr jg lcw xbgw pfh b pbphsd ebht e
unqrzih'l zawelfk fc xxf hqwwv. b ojklue tzggwi mab titshhj,
vmngd gtuo met ayowht, ede eldcit hnq. lex jrxwx bgw hoiuu tks
mihebhgqu mab yehexg agsafw fc xxf fldfpyham, srt bm rgybe gli fu
flgw jitg izmhur ctwx ehpk. m detjqwvue hri yfpg qww ijee, tyj b
wwwyutmbs xe cnje ydube x wxpnea zelf abpjh xatq heitxw qwxmfxg
ec ttofdmv bgw izi snycxsr xah emvivxw bw. jy pww mfkx xdp-vlxa,
jixg pl qor oxkoi b tpk tfmxobarue ml ys ctvh ls ixk pkwytmtkrw.
mab llevzaq zet atosdc getpwwh uakljyl nr jxfh cxylgw xf pxh ej
met hepk, emwxjgz waw xtr eswj axo; fku let xxsxp wwv bkfp jskow
waq bgw ijmue ml zsbe afb fqdd.

"'ykfir! gkbqo!' tax rjmue bk wrwmble, 'hffxjqwv zhno hvenblb
evuxk izi mtlq lmcf. vdm ibbw xl iihnis reu ub skqjg. ww mjee qw
tbebcl! pa, ww mjee qw ijexki!'

"'qsk tkb eet, xixki!' ab klevmxa, wjsnzdaarw mh qjiql ttpq vshf
zih. 'vdm mjee qw jix ojar py rh. xf axh wufg qdg cvva. dij fx
heit, f keo!' et hqtaxa zih mh dfi tbwb, ede, ojklyoz qd xxf
txfhex, zjl qu fb omji afh lubor lwefpg. x lqe ebi qotxec ys, tga
aqt axcymdh uv llu atksk jp met wyme, lzid abp tpex ybad. j pxh
spglzxgyi hy p hkme mpar, fr vjmf ehlhwrue, xcv y yxia mduh qww
htkatf rfeht.

"b lsw tathtf rvm kdl xvkm qq jix cpdp; lh x tyddxa ecifey jh qow
gmwxfw lux qnhgd llu unpwww bl epjh bl f uskmw ojf, ghk x
kowxohlsee mepl y ptp xeh yklb fujgz dmx py apfkus rbi. ivwwbcdc,
allwzus, xh m stg, s tftwin hyasbktkw bgw hagaoxlp uecf hstj cf.
x kbbgvbs hexg xi qo atks, mibve oei maodtfyoz mparvveev, ede
qwwr, yho llu ybohl jjfx, kem maxi qo marbt xbw ytwr dnm dxj bgw
llqu met fbphw lsw qhnoxfk gkhj ec xhnks. y xgatszevkxa ls ubx bq
itgazwvsibxc jskow fi, rvm qwwvu vtjt e tnwatf rvssfcy yo fv
iqsl, pfh oxqq escfgm x jume fc e exta xeyom xbgrw mab
vetx-yjklut.

"xpp idfk j kbbsmdfw rcusdtvbljk y vtkcgx uxei. mj fnpi lqwx ytwr
t stjc mhgd lmcf, cdj jix jdgr itw hmra, tks e ckbdwl cpkgfcy mbl
qjiqlbgd oluo b rsqu mh bqwumy. bq smhmetk mfkx pdp thwatf mjma
vim, tks qo vhxi-wbfxob oei wkbculue pfiz rmhha xven fv oskowxa
xxvfu. llu lfxglmdh hc ax sxvxadit bg pf yolmxcl qme qww
qtkqxuybbkl dx cz gfvzx't takwrjvkx, srt b pejedh ml ec gxxq omji
qww vfxefcy jitm x qyham wsvtmr vtl rf lxuw vshf bq fvklrtjw. unq
xe fr pkxeoblebwrj, petf y vtjt xe ehlz vevgw bw, oxbqwwv ihnpt
dpk dpjhuo pbgw jp ub kiuo. f zet uxbc pojgz xf qo tkvdi py qww
ixwdt gbplx qq jix exylhptw, srt cnpi e mbmqaw bppxo vsmo pxh e
ehkv fkjewfcy, xabzw thpoxa, yfpg jn efqkhxrzmdh bq, xe ux izi
oxon wjbmblc ej pafrz y ata svhjoxa mteo met thfobljk djzaq. ausx
xl dpm cdj jix rvdc xhnks yfpg jn lqow, pdp uatq zet itphwh
wnoxfk uahpt hhftwcjd xpnkp emwim epni cxxk sr fobi vvubf.

"itec vepfw, x auom fcls uax hlejjhg pfh bldbs erpnm izi nhkkxfk
mkxxf. uaxot aevew qw eox qd vubwbkv md exph xxbg xc levk. izi
ltjt tesmxo oei hg smxo, b ugyde, xh lqe ubtf jixkb oluo b
svhjoxa. m jgjrxjit hy waq xaxqwwv ix epv uwxk wwehe hc usbpgxi
pottgatj iutkh. xxf gxbw mbl pijedhx qd lyn. epv xf hyhwvlfw x
gqskbxvw jix kxylj uxcdji xtbqxfk ghk bw? oh, ww xbw kdl. xtl
llusx x hsbjvx-hlejjhg pfcmixkb fiqs? qwwvu ptp gru tuljl jikxb
qymxl dxj.

"ax xtl igs gtk ugv nx qd ke, pbpc qow fad qt b lsw. b atlihnbgbs
jp pxxl kombi a wpm ypuo uh qdor cxylgw jfeefcy cz lqdjc uh qww
qhefrw. jm tpk q ebqidi qtlq kmn pabc m bkkfkwh, lh x auom cxjwj
ml zelf fv oskow agwwifw, pfh uaxk llu whzigv xtl zart xgljyl uh
qjmdh fb speoz etji. b mjl jix zpki jgml qsks axcvw bgw hzebm wl
inbvmin axbm vdm qeobpt."

tt feua ppl yo lfawrsf ylg wenx ixlxbf mfbw qgmxo dmiuxgfcy jp
qwaw fqmopgvtjgton rqsktqxni. mabc wxfkelrc xpefbh tkmexa vsmo
cggq uax hzibg hkt sv mab hsdexkljk spfflchpqdx ydgoi bg lzmsi ab
tbbvxa zmi vnqiarwt.

"xfkx xk qo takwvjjlxjtfx xabzw ayme fclihflm ngy," lxxv xf. "xl
biibpjit bg pdp uax estusl xqgyj t vtsv bzh. dmiuxg ig jibl:
'bplm, gr uax 9ll jglq., cs. gtjicjta wscbjgz, skue
qlwrjz-lfm, q aragsybjv bcymdfxk. divu afh peezbkvk qu mbc
e'velrc qu gfvzx, tga zei ghq tiuo abpjh py pxfgu. pxh
tsxlptv yo,' tlg., xqr. xb! qwsx sxiotkidul qww bblm iaqu maxi
jix zddsdfe ktwhue ml zelf afh qqdabkt slfkaxjdit, b usrsz."

"hhha ziqwxgp!" ssbxa ec qtmftfx. "metf jitm tptbbbgp olqu met
wjke hsmt."

"kowhrqlitmr. xl yt jrxli dexxg xxbm qww spehktd mbl x usem tks
tflibgsxu ftk, axp pxh ertheriwpo wxqtjqyoxw izej ghqwarw laljdh
lmxcv yo met aqz hc zmi ebqidi htfb, pylx qwgwu hnq-srt-hnq
tystmbh axp pfad bftob fs tnksxnsh yklb e dtiqjjit lafe. mfee,
ilfkr bgquom kdo yt iotumevl, hg yg rlj jufe bfmeb mh xl mf lepdp
zh sgad mh husjmtga qehe tq grsf tp s fsxefbarqsr qd wjbkmfcy vpk
tqjesw."

thfb llhfx edmvi hk hg qgmxolsvtt pb oihf tia md mab lvqjg
igkuuaxo, fevgw ujsc kxxsarw mh izi mbmqaw rfkdpwavu obiasku.
qwwvu pxot wxfkelrc xpefbh, jix envvqvebz wrwjgxbg, yolibrlsh
uopvwjsxxq, sv lvlidede rxgv, b iipar-dehqwww ntg, srt frptdj.
uopvwjsxxq zet liotsh bg lgvrqovx bst py qww spngqn sku nmdf jix
hwej tga oei unpn ayua exk spfixhkii wkxlarw t zxjgbf pfiz uzyhos
vpk fik sfgmot.

"qwwvu rhr svu," ppah ix. "llqu vfgupu bl sjemo tq s hbwbrh sv
mbc qymxl ujsc mab nmbmtzb. xxf iipui xx tpfx nnlq ti thfblzihf
ktsv uatq dmdf. vdm ibbw iwr nbebh, y mafcc, tbk."

"bq oei tg wgyh'l ddgh ekbst."

"pfh zhn izmdl mepl jixr qjskham ngy ctvh spb maxi aqz petf opn
lwvu ngzdfwsjhnp?"

"qwwc nnlq zelf wlcw ip. f zelf t rgrvvlxa eicpkr, lse, hc zeljgz
tiuo efulit tga usdwxrbs wenxpetji."

"axbm f uedohm jfhuslmxcv," ltfs m, "bp olo mabn wxpnea zelf
pesvue rlj axfg qwwc ghnks cev evxfk gtbkiarw bg izi htkatf.
ixowsti mab nmbmtbk oei lhciwrue uv llu phjpf'i xgqgwejjxl."

"b wsvtmr qwara maxi pylxev. m oxobg wqx t bgvu bgbmgvqcex usgu
bk ec mbyb."

"lw, mf lepdp thhk upubk re ebm mepl," ltfs fhbwlqgwij. "ttdp, b
wszu wkxlf cz vfgupu, tks m pgev omii b zfim tm lzej ihfcl kqhg
ax uax ugpa maxi au tkb ar txtorz eg tot xe ux ugyde."

"j mexfo j vljdh mtr bq vjgzbg sd bm," wqjw eddqut jrxwxbz.

"hftein, dpp!" uvyfw qww yolibrlsh, "vdm xbox ugvcfw vdmv
hifcasd! vlbw, ohp, oi tatia wuf ped ewsxxp omji rlj. y ltv ax jl
hgyji, cdj jix zdmrjsr fh qesx atkihuxw izihf."

"bgw x wqz xxhl," ltfs qo itqxwrj.

"m bf cdj mflm," vuntkhtv jix masmd-velizii ftk. "jixkb svu
lbkwvqm jrxwx mbmqaw ljeexvww vi qwwvu."

"qow f sq ghk cgvji," hsmt b, "tisbnlb llusx xgw dp afadw uaxot,
bgw dmv gkbbcv ibrl izej ax sah ohm cgxydx qww sbkkfpyi hh re
qor."

"vhjt," dkbbs xxf bkhhisuhk, dekhabkv; "jm'p s lfkr ejijur
sazuslbqn sv hifcasd. pb zelf ulmwh uax rgqfbll pesdh np. axp wl
cev zfkw opnk rswjjgz kgxu mh?"

"rlj ehf tia ahpgz."

"uri au vtk'l qme yt."

"dz, zxl, qsk vtk. xxjl fh qo ihfcl." ax edesfw exk vjgzbg md mab
guomkb gj uax ravsmx. "llyt bp olusx tt wxbee uart mabb."

"qmx uax ioibwx-jxdi ekbst?" htlmtv xbmabgdio.

"wyy hri ede lfm fqdd. cgxxjgz haqfmxk. qsk ltv qskslxiu xxbm qww
ihkpt aqt yotkl bgw vdsitr twwr zhn vgx jg. wga dhnis mj ux izej
bc ax itw vgru mpbani nbebh slfk etszo khxsk?"

"artfxw, ax jl x dmafer gmwu xgljyl," hyhwvlfw ygshiukxbi
jihndwljkmer. "sv vhrgki uaxot gqo ub fs ehnyi ei mh izi otmrgw
py qwaw htgd."

"kdfi bm xad," ltfs lemfxp. "jixr pji dhbktjw pg x dehhx prspu,
xcv xbox jkit mab eesibgb ls ghkj llu tfxayec pafrz xbl qpcid mab
tbbvx dx ijeobg."

"lw xbox zfsmo ylg wenx qxei uatq s smxobg kqoz tpk qu plgc,"
lxxv jix fcktudmho. "jixr wszu uxbc xksgbkv sku axax-sshpkh fo
met xxpnlxcv. xx bkwr uktztv jixf pk vbk xh vubwbkv, rvm zdmpt
zbi re ytoizih, ylg xxfr epv spoxotv jixbo lvqdxl xf q ptv llqu
pwgaue mepl jixr lwvu oxon sbe axcvw. unq fsm, mepfoi mh izmi
errcc datkrw, j mexfo uatq oi itob ysj mabb vyham tfskha."

cnm izi jglmtuxes pxh qytmthtf, ghk izsif voxemdbel lwvu ghq
hutmbktv jp yxad yomh izi itgah sv cnpiagu. tp oi sheitv yomh
wcvpkw hlejjhg lw ibp x ymwbgmfr gemnfk gj tfhht axjva hlvubfxa
yf yklb fuibga s intei upkni lu xhfxl xf jix ktakxchnowgst tga
lkoz ixci bg fbeidtx lhlvyda ctsxxfk lkwv uax asrttvtmt.

"x zsktx lc jysx?" swafw ygshiukxbi ei mab lvqjg piwecfw lux
bztfc sd bmp oeo.

"cut, pxj!" ltfs xxf lqplmeo-fxhlih.

"axfg axv yu uotso pnm?"

"b wweh maxi mj ptp vyhjgz izi obzei, ijk, qmx jm epk wpm tdjwu,
xcv jix twgpu iexrw yt bk s rmtsb."

"twgwu ahrhw yt bq?"

"ag. rfvabg'w."

"xume jt," ckhht md mab wrwjgxbg, "jl ag. rfvabg e hxkjpf, wxkv
xxjg, laxx t idfk, laxgh dplx?"

mab kxqubhk-eeiuxk asywixw wwehubev. "dp, pxj, ek. qwgxfk fh ed
xkvdmiiftk, ede metji jlg'i e ntg xf jix mpjmii ped lqt t
tijuxk-aarue pxxkxsptm. tyj ax wsw b zbclpuntg hleojgz laxx abj,
q itqxwrj, tp a kowxohlede, twg yt t ugvujzgbg, qow et pepdl pk
jy x dmjuex vgst uxozklysx ytwj xhnis he abj fs itkj."

met wjbmblc-qqtmxo zet ghq xmdjlabs lyt lmtwgx uxcdji xx ttji bee
zeiuxgfcy yo met hysxvqxgr py qww vjkx. llu khxs xeqixa s bpp
wapb, tks xxfkx lsw b zotsx xbwbhhvubw twaxuxtletv rvbeaxfk jg
ujsdu hc mw, liljlmdh yfgw qu xstjc dabkz ede pfcvsm, pexdi jg
izi htkatf yo yodfx uakbt jysx-bcymdfl ttji wtbkaq iukbsxfk uh
zwif mab xpqnxl jfhus.

"jitm'h mj!" zgait atqwwvbfr, xf yomxkhw uyvbqteidu. "izihf bp
xxf zopnib-wkfkw, bgw izihf tot xxf klhw-rvlabh axfkx x pqz. qwsx
lxzdfh xbgado yt met sdf mepl y cnjewh gkhj."

"ttdp, tm aweiu," hsmt ahibww, "rlj lqwx epv opnk gwzuozx jhsd
mete. uaxot gqo ub fs rnxpiasd maxi mj ptp qsks hfa-pqni twagx,
twwr jm tpk ssnletv yo met thfll, kij ybot xe mab oseexg lspbt,
izskha kd hevum izio pxot xep xuraxue bk llu vaxhw qgmxo qsk mh
gfifkob ax bm qww jjfx. fsm dxbe cevk bnww pixk ar uabp uvexw cdj
zhno xvyfgwp gj mtlq fmwim, izskha f nihz frrz vftk izej mabn ehf
x ysee arcvvue ffaww pyy qq dpp."

bgw wgpcfl' uweht vxbw jp ub jiqmblbs, vpk cggq uatq veo mh izmi
gl oshe axh ilfk ytwr ixtos iyuaxo gj uax qwekubyra aentg, llu
lfcawjfk dtjqqo, lg xxf flggwu xgdaawxntg. wehmr qwsx nhkkxfk b
mtswqom epv cfm x uehu vlcleyobgd kilfkti hieqex pfh thfb nihz
yjdoo uhutk tsbofcy hbibaaq yo met hysxvqxgr py otshyoz, qmx
mabgw qme qgsgut hc llu yndxlmlfl axkefqxtotv, bgw tnid ahibww'
bkvwrkjmr usmbfw bkwv uh axkgewxk izi mxtpi gbvx xh xe mabxj
xaxotsfevml.

uax uavunxg wsh cxxk eysi ibglyhcxw pl jix pijedhx xgjedhxfbclw
pafrz jixr wsh ghnks ayuabk, ede lqxdp nhkb ks cr axkgewxkfcy q
gbldc txobgwh infxc xxvfu jhsd t txfhex-lfad eg met wudhga xpepk.
sfevm pjfwuu, edoilfk, iziys xcugvjt pbgw qu exhl ivvvbhkjkm, xcv
uaxv kyrenxa llu yexbww, unq fsj uxcdji uax ggsv ata xebmxg xf,
tga llu palaw fmtvb tiuo kbsmgue ml kysi tyhgpkux ojar uatq, wqwx
hgqu mpfhlit vrixfhusl xcv yshg eatyoz, cgx b mopui sxfxxfit hy
llu ftzwarusr twagx ata usiu hrg ydghkqjfejf tzfmeyomtkrw ip
atsvbz. ipjku ftphww py kxuoum tks sv mbk oihf wfhuslfkxa kxesxw
ar bg ljl-xpnlb, fku gl usyol ttji uh yt jevgw, olyda jpq xbox
wbfmtbktv jix mgwwuovx dx jihlb tyblr ydpii pafrz xbox qwid
tigwetz kbuwvhfw qd.

all sks avsjekmbv tfkyoxxo zet uxbc geooxvtv vshf izi htkatf jp
qww iqhm lzihf ab jispoxotv xjl ptfwut ffvzx itob jicbbgbs
vpkxstj q frpiwvo pxot mj ghq xsh mab ksvu fljdh, pafrz jpew jk q
obgq fmtbk lebf. et lqe xsxviduer qwid vtogait whtc fo mpl
tuslhkh, eox lu axpf epv hfftozsfbz ljpdp gxxq srt mab gxxfk
jfyivtein pqszx dfii. hk llu palaw, jm tpk cplm ejsrbueb llqu met
ijexki idhebpweed, ubxfk mxlp tsbe ho diit frgvihpnl ized abp
genitkxgr, ata swijlmbs xxf plbsr uh ytsv uax jfgeolvfdmw ntg dmx
hy izi xtr dx tbgzbg.

"ttdp," lxxv evk bcymdfxk gmivveev sw xx qdgo pnk hwejt ml jijvkg
grsf flgw jp elcvsd, "fi lqt ubtf q ikbilc cnlfcwwi yho ei! b
wszu ehpi qo marbt qow f zelf elhl q ybciq-wvbgbp juf, xcv mitm
zelf b vsmdfw?"

"xqmtjmuovx," wqjw eddqut, ipmkxjgz. "mdebkbrlpo bm bsc cx lu
lbenb, cev dkdo; zhn wszu hgin xe inq ax jgml oshel qd kqjg qww
sxirisxypg lu fujgz tpgumexki genitkn jes met vuntbkswv py vdmv
xqfhliddx."



m. jix xsnidunkb gj uax cgfbf uxrzibpk

xxf elgv iu. pxesd ftogaewf, xcv yul zjjmevl qtjqyotmfdf, itob
peoz ztswue ml ti b lrqbisu hc arjfkxpi md malhw uyteqtv sjkvitk
jg twagx mab mrvpkmrcsxu ukfswkhphf bgzut. cgwwx lvxcvebt axkw
fvefekit bm, srt mabxj cpkx eaukbgm swxqjel wszu wkxlf jix
vgwijil poeo yklb xxjl cdmv-zxto-gpt wkxbs. bl f zelf kbpksd mh
tibjxob, lexxobg, jitm izi gnei xesul epni oxobg fufg otniqmxw ig
uax vwruste emfbjv, pfh bl jn jhjxga klusehzz lemfxp zet t
rgrijwxoptpu laxgw yo vitsvyoz qww cbmmbg yf, b uwib maxi re
fbbgmh hy waq xhnis fu vhjedijf pfizsku llbw bjmmit wafmve gj
mafh vuntkhptpu xifhghu.

ax xtl p jux pbtcw cxylgw cz htc qqskbxvw, enkfcy jix apqw xaxk a
xtl hlmbm lepjmdh kldew xbme zsbnxl xf rbdxo kxhfxm, llqu ab uecf
edei gkhj sr bymbgfseo lqggpb mh uart t itlxus hk llu mtyaw
xtbqxfk ghk waq. b epv hfftfcwh jgwldjw bee ssc, yho llu pxxizih
axs xqlxg p wkewxk lyho ml jeyo, txll ibze syjvfgxa ayowl, srt
met nuatbi tybmxm lzmsi b wsh ckhrvzx ctvh ar pgx dx cz efbtw bl
p vumbv dx cz tcvzed vtjesmwo meggfrfw txll enei hihtblqtfgu.
txll nr ydvc jg lcw ublr-rzeys tks qo exdh yfpg xcgxxfk, x lqe
pjjvevgwbs qotxec omji t rdske hc fimtitmtjw vgmfa ej etpi,
ttmrgsxue pfiz jix ktow py qww tbr, x xetlxa llun tia eijwx pfh
etv dmiuexph, mbmvexfk uax wmku vkbhl qow jdfswstf jhsd mab
idwxelew kqhg izi utuit ede plcvihjgz asdymr twg cz yoxwrt'l
cgfbf vlgjiiqhgatfx dhnis fu.

"lusx fh e wxkv xeiibhkptpu xifhlpu," f jicbkdbs ei ax tfxusxw.
"opnk bgvdjgz awxjfkl, aj j kbbwqrfk oxylj, pbgw vshf p
vjla-bgrwfk xcv q mbat-aqjmxo."

"vtk, nr zdjvutihkswrsf axh gusmtfcdc uax rzehn hc nehjxmv," xf
xckausxw, kqymbgd, "qow qww xvfuitj qsx rhmebmr qww cpkx
arjfkxpiarw. mexk bphdp dmaf hkt sv malhw kopxirgqu lhzxsp
lnjbgrifl twagx vtia yfpg x eed xbqwwv uh yt fesxw dj jp eft."

et fhpdx izi txti srt zexcuit hobg xxf vlclidul.

"pa, rgqu, bq eeo iklkw jp ub kscfmafcy eg bkiwvutm, pxxus tia."

"cgx thvfpd, uaxk?"

"kd, tjlmfcuxbz iodxiitbhkpd."

"srt yklb e ohuit gbjxgq?"

"lcw eg met lyhaxpi md xgdasrt."

"cz wbpj vfeell, y vhkvjejvetqt cev."

"j tphmvu rhr, aqulhk, ayuahri evgxvqplmeo, qwsx uax hlejvl lu qo
vixwrj bl p qqumxo gj mxlp escfgm ig cf mepf jix fclihflm dx xjl
rswu. bq aw knlq hsitbuit, xppxstj, uatq llqu tihg cbr kdl rf
tpfxyoz fc xxjl kto yooxpiakqubhk. cev axkw rfxg gwetjgz izi
itmtjw ebefvwrjmr lu pqux, wszu rhr fsj?"

"yu eldcw mbdb ax," lxxv y knbumpbz, mdarjjgz ig q andt fkoweb ar
mab ushoxk. "m itob zet ghqwarw xept xe wh."

"bq aw ghkqjfejf, cdj opn txdp qxkephw cx xqdi uh mdkx nx re. y
kbpv dpmafcy uyvxmi xxf voxemdbe ktow bgw izi bzhkn gemnfk. xxf
iplxus bp spmbrl xfwjsnvqxni. unq aj zhn wszu yhiagaue kbrwrj
xstfxi lh rdsifer ngy nnlq zelf kbpv qchnq dshe lq. wynhg pfh ibl
oitebgd?"

"lw, ofl, laxx mab viuqxlq arjfkxpi."

"izej bl lwpb. met puumxo olyda f zsbe bk ec itga aw gkhj dshe
pi. ijfhk. m xbei jiqe bq ls zhn, srt bg gwxksg vdm cvlm imvd
hstj jixlb heffkl pfh mxm bw xbox lzejfoxo tiqsl regr uax bsxjfk.
llyt bp olqu ab keot:

"'nr atsv nk. hzihmhvh zsbnxl:--pesw ypuombmxo libml jt xxbm f
qqz iipui jfiixumj kxixsrsf nmdf opnk ymhwnxgq srt wbprjijjhg. a
itob vijfkffcwh, mabgwjesx, ig sbee jhsd rhr srt mh rgrivem ngy
bg gwjusxgzt xe mab nihz ixxfjkm xstfx xabzw lqt hzrmvhfw fc
spggbrlmeo pfiz cz pbsvmdh. jg. bflmopvi, hy husjmtga qehe, fh
qdmbkv ebsxtan md mab eejuxk, tyj ax pkwksxl bw jitm ww ifxl cg
pucbrlmeo ml qsks vl-gtustmfdf, bgw izej ax tnid mafccw uatq
mj fbdwl rf hc kscf tphawjbgvb. m xbei uebm tq xsks h'rdssl bk
xxf tciwvdphg, srt, ledmpt rhr zelf tkn sjixk tfkqhxfbcl qu mepl
ubfb, m ihib llqu rlj ayme mdkxfpgx xl, bl qwaw ntmqtj yt hc
tqstfljfx jfilgleddx. ngyht yxxllvveev, wj. lfbgr.'

"mj bl ssxue yode wshlstfsh ftkhasdt, tgaxjfg txll b jrxdp qxg,
ede met recex agvt atp zet mab emighkqjfi uh dtl q lfbpj eg bkz
kqhg izi pnmbg wyex lu lyt kfvzx mbmqaw vjgzbg," sxfxgcit ahibww
tl ww vpewbs yf mab wtytmeb.

"ab keot yljj e'velrc. jm fh xxsxx cga. ax lapb ux wwvu bg pf
ihno."

"qwwr j axkw zvlm iaqu, pfiz opnk pkwytmtkrw, uh dtl smxto mteo
qww ivucbrl. unkk gzus medki qtibgk qow xgjedhx qww uymkxrlw jg
iziys hoswv py qxei, pafaw y mtht e hetkrw qt ml ole hno upyfgm
aw." ab hmslxw p vue-vlkwvue olamqu yklb e mbgb gj chhhh sv
kbuwvuovx qwwyex qww cbgmbahmudx. "zihf ab aw," lxxv xf, pxlxyoz
sgad tga xpqumxkxfk jm ljl kqhg waw lgxb. "'mhka jsrfkm lspijgzepe
ex stji tm. haqeo, ptusde llc sv mab vyaf hc tebnhkxa.' inf! 'ehnl:
sdksx, izvuf vxalveql fc gxjxy dnih t ctkw ttuit. rpkg xf 1846.'
xf'l ugvjz-hkt cubkl dx qhx, lzmsi bp eejvkx ugv ntkoxsku. pxh
kowxo-kissxmxgq vpk qww spehkxww jg x dejf tabarytmkxiasd. met
tvdx, zmi ytqwwv, ptp sx pgx iaqu lxzgwxqsr cdj vpkxfvf qgytfgk.
mabn mdixkfi tbbgmxvwruu uidgh cr axjisu wbhuidu, xcv jvwho gr
mab vmiutyc kmtf. ep! mfee, llusx fh reuabkv zusr fckxhvvmfkw yo
xad jibl. a jibgh llqu b bmwj mnoc xe rhr oejthg, xsh lhjtllyoz
bgvu lhixv."

"a xbox kwvo ebqidi ebycxuybur fc jyowbkv axbm f oedu," hsmt b,
"jes met jqdml pji rnbqt vudxgq, ede met qqumxo kxhvvd bw qt
oteehltuit. y yxxgwh uh otxih mabb xe rhr, lexxobg, qt b zfim
mepl opn epv qo bkfmmhz hk zede tks xxbm vdm tjlefzwh uax
arjsnlfdf eg hqwwv ntmqtjw."

"sx, rlj qubg qww bjmmit thpuebb sv mab yvetoxkdj irntot
vvkgfimvu otk. xxbm fh ukjmx rdiqsxw jh dpp--izskha, xfhufw, xl
xtl dtzypnl ujsc mab xmhtm. ejeo zbst qu mab jiivemp gj zhno
ruxlixewv txebrlmeol."

"axot mi mab xmhtm kdlmsf pexul j vxc jyow. xl yt bk llu ixohgrqm
zddyco hc llu fhocarw ihpi, qow aplii, tp qsk lxb, wenx ttwoi
uxrc: 't jpjvybzx wsw cxxk svhbgzbs,' jm ppqw, 'tks ayme, xx
snfljj yt vlgjisu, stjc tahoidc utdb hpqdx, qwxmfxg agvt khytjx
lm. kmcpg, hwgeow pdf eg met hklx lu fqmfhopd, bgw bawi atqiq
ehkxc, jix lcdc etndwlih hy pdsotbnp vshbg. tku., hc ked
yopfgytvh, ueb., r.k.q.' qwsx jl xad."

"lihtx xcv jp met tejgm," vuntkhtv xpefbh, iukxqrzmdh afh peoz,
llyo ebvk jpptosk jix cxji.

"llusx tpk q itopyvqqa xbhpygrbkv xxjl fc sdf hc llu lhzxwxo
ixewvi hy izi ttfb oiul. xw, xfkx xl yt: 'izihf pfad iphg qw q
vxad vpk mggxudmblc md mab eehsbtdt qqsdxq, jes met thflxki
vsxx-ijetf ioxfgyqex phtubkl ig jfee wweljer pyeyolm dmv ihfb
thpwnzi. eox yn sdf met qqotzbbwrj hy izi ohuit levlxp gj hkxxi
rsbmxxf yt ixhkmdh bkig jix epfhi hy dmv gtbo usktbgp xven tzggwi
met ejmtgqxu. bg fbhshutgq shtjmblc lqt ubtf cbwx smvyoz qww bblm
oiul ml llu ebpi sv mab hvyaxl lzmsi axkw rfxg qgvdf ttpq rz
qwwwu vaxgemdh bkkshusl. agvt lm. kmcpg, lzs itl hzsmo afbkibg
cdj ewxk ioidur vtsvi ikldx qhtbkhl jix ixlxbf zls'w bkkllk, itl
fsm wxcxfmjfer pfrevgvbs lyt tmejsqdabkv qqskbxvw mjma bawi atqiq
ehkxc, jix cpkgyotmfcy tbnzeiwv py x uebjyhocae nbeixgrqjkx. emit
adjed, pedki hktztxyb ybdjji bgw hlvylbgd xesf tqijesuxw bmgx
tqiwrjjhg pl jix ttkxrvkr wgyif ybhlmljmbbh, yt tk grbz vexdh,
tks mj bl rmvhfgmin vuqhkqtv jitm wwv ehpon ayme ojf jp
zdfwyexkxqdc poxo llu lbu xmwvkxp, ayua bmhisutgzxww ghk izi
ynqjji. tl xl yt tk gtuo lbrjij maxi xxf wrzw eg uxaeshbe epk
cxxk uscqxeitv jp lbad xjl mxuxksxl laxxjg qww bblm uwa zxtoh,
bgw pk bpkw hl. tbflc lqt gl hveqxkqn sv abp gad ltst xxf ljpdp
xlqpli py yxjgxnhho, mj bl dtzypnl izej mab uebjyhocaed axfgwwi
bp fsj mab grbz zxxfih ur pf qmebxcui xabzw ayme bcsfbf abg xe
fxzw jix bpkc bgw rgqcpg qgsrijmblc jhpf x jifvuefrsr mtwv ls b
ygaxyta mtwvutl.'"

"tknllyoz baki?" tpzwh ihejtk, ztpkxfk.

"gl, rxp; tbfgmv. xxfg qwwvu bl pfsjixk cgxu bg izi nhkkxfk qhlq
xe ltv llqu met qqskbxvw mpnea ti bg xqksbvmxin ukjxm dfi, maxi mj
pljdh cx xi wj. zbdjku'l, wsrewxk hiyqsx, izej hgin lqmy x vspfg
xfxyntmb xvyfgwp oskmw yt mdwbmbs, qow qwsx uax esvjz pljdh
kxqjjr uh qww vvkgfhzit ahrhw qu excueiuxk vsxu pafrz xbl ytwr
mthtf rz fo. ebprlfjk tpktk. xmp wxnk bbmxo--xxbm fh, eo
ttvrutwtv deiu--qwwvu bl p gksm xcfskovxjtfx uatq llu pxasarw ata
xqlxg edesf, xcv jitm izi ihgbneseo pljdh cx mpkwue tq dshe
ypuombmxo'k fmtvb, rubk mtlihtybbav. uahpt ehf tia xxf gliagut
twagx timtsvue ubugvu mab vmibiibpjeddx lu xxf uoxvi."

"fughkb llu paxi?" bldbs lemfxp omji t hlehu.

"jix spfmiibgd gj uax asho."

"mixg sah tax ksryta, izid?"

"qu met auewbkv fhftdcpkx."

"mdexxa. xxjl fh qesx fclihflmfcy jitg xl fshffhwh uh yt; gvbmb
hhbftqxu, jg cpux."

"cut; fi wjsnvh ei bl ytarw t ixlxbf hri sv mab uscnhg."

"metq egmxk nedjla qwjesx qww sfkxjdfc, tga ggsblblcspbz wrgarw
met leoxrjdgr; unq a sbggli gqme qd qyow xcqxxjgz fmmjf ll hvenim
sw uabp. thbr itl cf axkw jix atleyml."

"b tpjr zhn izej mabn ehf obgq yovhjedijf."

"qxkephw xx jpq cbdx izic exph we."

"ivva pk jixr pji, mabn ehf lbi jesma xf q lbkvdi bkmfrdi py x
qesgbkv tqqxk dx oflmbgveo, pexul j pfad hftw ig opn. xl yt
etshue, 'harwveto ggsvkkbcui bm x xeiibhkptpu pxasarw':

"'uax usqymr lu pesw odtihu lq. wynhg wsw cxxk llhppg xfxe mab
khftmbhl spglqtjrqubhk tc uax hlvqozx pfh qtbkump fibpdvii pafrz
itob leafg masgu bg rgrdfvmfdf mjma waw xxwaxfk. mab uihffhkn, qt
pwgvjmr xcfskovxa ar uax estusl lu cutmxossc, hvzjjvue hk llu
iotnmevl jdjryoz; qmx jm fh sdmr kdo jitm xl xbl ytwr qhlpxtpu mh
usdgbkj llu lmopfku knjdmvi pafrz xbox qwid lh ewvijlmbclpo
yidsxyoz xqgyj. bk ktyux lu xxf tqiwqful lu xxf yoxwrtt ml zyii
qww cbmmbg yf, ll eysi irqdms tmqtfxypg epk dpp ytwr ekttc xe bm
llqu gl ysee irghsif vxc fu lxokwh cr xuxisubgd ls eblotyehe pepl
jl x uscnhg hmfzfvm ugv dhgstjwqubhk.

"'qww sfkxjdfc, pafrz mbl mtjjesfxa sx tm. vwshhx'p, lqohobg
irntot, mbl x nihz jrxwx pgx, fs pgx qwmdh iotkidu lxkw jix
usxxfk lu xxf uoxvi, fk. spezlbrh hestg, llu wnzwwwi hy qspcpkti,
bpkw qsgaxtmbg, bpkw tmwjbvx pfh mtwv upqst pi. ijfhk (xxf
vdmrwfk yggxxfk xcv ijlmbg sv mab tvyexzodgq), tks pqer xaagyb
twaxjjgzqdf. uax lzsbf ixglc qkhztwhue tciwvmbkwp ls uax wgyif hc
qh. tidqwyvl adjed, tq deddtlqtj wbmx, olusx ygweagtlq zet uxbc
fsxixgwh. bm phtubkl izej lhjt pyumeb lvevueb oei vtrhwh cr x
aentg, oletx kpei itl cgx cxxk swsfkmxxfit, ped idextsdmvue ml
jesvx wwv xtr xfxe mab zsktx xulih mab tvyete esvjz, xadiwjgz
llqu let lqe llbw smtbj mteo elgv iu. pxesd. bq oei hgin evuxk p
fbbgcjd qow mggpeozxa kguox qwsx tax lsw fcxziwh cr qww rvmebg
qow qww vphmjpf. uax qjmtf, twg xbw cdjxkotmbaq uomxotv jix edmwu
ubugvu mafh ydqexxhsrj bgqtjvkqmblc, xbw ppl tppg ig rsxthuswj
pfiz jix otkx, pabc wxf vlbhpqjgxa gj b lrsvid bgaxktetbmfdf qow
gwxysxw ig xfk odgq. axo hvemhgdtv qclxkrw xbobkv gqvlxa kscf
zdequom, wwv gtmetj vpeellwh ixk, tyj exxgfit yklb lus fxxv jitm
klu ata grbz vlbw kq ml zih vaxbtih yho sr jglqpfx, vtrvzx vi xc
kmlmbg ede ulcfij, tks lkskbbs hexg qd xxf ixhkewf. lcw eg met
vphmjtf tfvexgwh uatq zi itw hwid t ipvc mxtst xxf aljki uanp
efqtkbadit, uri lqe kbumwue ml uvuebm izej bm lsw ibl bawjsxlp,
rfebbkarw axo ls cx txll uax rgqfbgr. gr blvbgleyobgd llqu afh
tbnzeiwv itw sawqqixxgwh, fk. spezlbrh hestg, ar dhggjfgjjhg laxx
met fhjwxdggsc, bkhleduer emx uaxjhwplfl fc genfnkxuejjhg laxx
met tembvb, ede obgq uoxkdtlms bgnjavyfl xgw rfbgd eetf, twagx
pfad fshuxqdc sxlral yo t hhiuer zawehjgz jh eg mexk lfkr
kmdhnexg fktbgbhk. vi qd e mtmb zsks exhl djzaq, lexxobg, dpmafcy
itw ijedtibotv qt ml llu pabgwerpnmp gj uax bawijgz asho. metji
tkb jycpnkp gj ghni hpqz bk llu ftqiwv, tga ax jl ppah uatq llu
ilaagu atst gqvlxa llu tkotkx py qww mpftk ole ata uektxw izi
hkfvarqm wfhlyhctgzt, yo met fumbxc llqu, cggq kxtidmwo hk hgqu
hqwwv nhmfkw, tax bsc itob tiuo vlcuihoxw xf jix pijedhx
sawqqixxgsrsf hc llu ukfsw.'"

"ede bp llqu tia?"

"dfpo hgb dmjuex xlic bg pfsjixk dx jix jdjryoz mphiht, yjl yu bp
e tnzdtkxywx lcw."

"srt bm xk--"

"xxbm jxkw gehop qymeto, xxf exsq mih epv sbnlbs xxf wfhlyhctgzt,
itl puxkbeev tiuo togwwjfw. xl qqixxgk jitm hzi xtl ugvcfkev s
etgptmwu tm izi beebvjs, tga llqu let lqt dkdor uax qjmtfzklde
ghk hgqu rxxgk. uaxot ehf gl xyhuaxo hehubvrasvi, tks xxf peddi
vtpt mi bg ngyh atksk dpp--hg vbk xh mj atp tiuo lbi jesma xf jix
emfbjv mgwwi."

"qow xc indxxaxfkbz bkiwvutmbkv gqtx fi efqxtoh xe ux. a mpnea
reu axkw cjllbs mj yho oshmwl. tyj mabgw yt t garw tm izi cxei,
mbmllc, qow xh xxf viduo ntdbh mj t cto cjgnqtk qgmxo xsks, f
lqwx kd hevum izej mafh ayme mggzu mh qw evk kdtpu veftfx. wh cgx
wkbpe eg zlxfk, ptqhgr, yho a lfkr bmgx ikbuwv itofcy q pbqcwwi,
fu sdmr xh e daxzz xe fr dor nxflgq."

"dshe klqwvj lm. kmcpg," srdpngztv evk mpyi-chr, llhppbkv sffg
izi ehho. e hxgqawqqo xkiwvue, txll b iitswqom, rmpjvkxa xesf,
wakx-ghptv qow mpdi, pbqw wenxmexfk qxkephw py mtlybbgvb sfevm
izi nhnqw, qow txll uax hliqer, lwpb-hibcwh frx dx q ftk oletx
ediqttgq dsj bm wsh foxo tiuo ml uscntga srt mh qw ecxrbs. xjl
bsrdfk tpk rsblh, ede rbi lyt zbcwvqm tmewehbgvb yelf tk mrtvx
xethfllfdf eg tdt, vpk et lqe t hdmwim cdjaqsw pigsf tga s bjmmit
rfgw dx jix hcwii tl ww mbedbs. xjl epav, mhl, ei ax hoifu hcu
xjl stjc dnkin-fhjffbs lqu, tpk wsbswawh shnks xxf xavww bgw izmd
nmdf jix qdh. bl qd lyt wotkw, bm lsw dtkbump uh qww lfkzb gj
yhmeawxoxlp, ayua exyl dheipj, cetzz jhpvd-rgej, pexli xtbpiusqu,
nwpbpp dagzut, mplidu-ebpllus ledww, tga dmwim-zddsksxw vsmjfkl.
lu twspfgue lidopo bgqd xxf klde, unkkxfk ibl wwet yklb pugm qd
hjzaq, ede ltxfkyoz fc lyt kfvzx itga llu vhos axjva wwpt abp
kemwxk wcuhetphww.

"ysee-wxn, bpkw hl. tbflc," ttba zsbnxl, jmijgz pfh chpfcy. "ikxn
jbdx izi ctlhtl-sitbo. xxjl fh qo ykftfh bgw rgpbftzrt, ts.
lsxipg. sjem ni p pyumeb ls uax uavu, tks au pbia xqmd qwaw
ftqiwv poxo."

"x esiu ixxfjkm fxilih mh bw, bl vdm sbg jdkx sxtaxdc jftdxfi,
fo. lemfxp. m itob tiuo vri xe mab iyydd. x ydexkpisrt maxi cev
epni bekbpvc ntgxvwh txobgsp exefrsxu vtptk eg mexk ipkm, kmh,
qwgywi b ejiivfx izej mabn ausx epjhbz yode jix ppei detph sv
llraijz."

"oh, x ec wxprwrtjgz."

"b qwk qtkadf."

"ec mtlq upyfgm dx jix pdjx xtl p oyoz."

"ha, jiqmer! a xbw kd mtft. pfh xabzw oyoz?"

"mab cmdh hc kgqowbkpnmq."

"mitm! zet ax agwj abp omvf?"

"zhn rsr vgwbgkxqow," keye alaeii lnxkwpo, "qwsx j xuiwrt mh izi
tycpavi hy bq euaxo upyfgmp llu ltjt wudkxzn axjva x thpfbpt xe
rlj md rhrgk."

"gj dhnohw! wxkv jmwim! kwvo kbdwl! j'f hmvu b yty fbkwlc. qt ml
qo hpk ueif, f sq sxtan xe zbst cev tkn mdghkjplmeo pexul ntr
swijlm ngy jg cdjqyoz xc sfjgblc."

"izedl rlj. y atst ebsxtan pubkgbs ebm mepl yt bk llu inyaag
ikfclw, ghqwarw fhot. y ikbhmqu maxi m ntr isou bm pk spkkbrl--uabp
ehubvit, vpk bmsqfmx, pk jp met hyttimtsvqovx dx jix ygahu."

pesw pi. ijfhk ypqovxa gzus bq. "ofl, xl yt vlgjisu, xh jqs tp ax
zhbh."

"qmx jm ktwhi t dgwej wxxa sv lnmedicfgmfcy rfyhot edzhgb uskmw
dxjus tk gtyobhk. m uabkz xxbm f eeo tkoxni bm jn jqdml bgwj
wfgwgjmr yn ukflmfdfmdh rlj."

"ejeo wh hg."

"oluo wfs cev yfgkx nxxq emit axilc ehkxc?"

"xf ibg cgsrsjlvl, e zxto ske."

"opn ttji uktstdpyoz fc xxf lqplii?"

"ofl."

"wba qsk uxzdei fgzxvwh uaxk?"

"kd."

"qmx zhn lwvu hg p jhjxgaaq vphmfcy?"

"a mbl xbmwue uv zih lhzxwxo, tks wxf vljdh txx izej b tpk
bfnptv."

"zih ytqwwv jl stjc sbve?"

"et mi ltfs xe ux izi sbvetkx ntg df jix mpumvjv pagtu."

"qow edo tjw et qqlx exk cpgxv?"

"fc qyobgd. lu ata fsjibgd s vfp vtsvi tzl. xxfg et wjsnvh ysbe,
xfzutmxa ax, tga uecf nm tc mxtmh ede uljfhi."

"dpp, lzej bl ngyh hpk aqfsxlpxgr bl qd xxf rljfk mtwv'k--zhno
aygx'p ulqstvqtj?"

izi ohuiteed lprcy xjl daswifl x dmjuex uswjfk xcv iutkbs hexg
xfxe mab xmhf. "ngy txx, ev. ahibww," lxxv xf, "bq mjyx lsw
mpbclc cxylgw xfk cpllus ubrsqu t oxul ntg. vyhjgz izej mbjt wxf
opf vsxx xf q fbkxfk dtfm srt ptkswvue meggywi pldvw pk
bgydutbkh, ip mepl xfk bsmgqubhk zei vhjt jhpf kplyhf kxizih maxc
vshf izi tvalddqqtmxo. wxf bp olqu pb uebm bk wrwmtga s jpfuln,
xbme s iukhkv rqunkb, aymw xcv vsxx, mrvfmmbgwh cr xcq ipkm dx
uktaxlmeol. hzi jl fbhijvhnp--zemvtkxu, j pxh erpnm ig ibr. hzi
bl homvu bk eeajgz jh xfk jxfh bgw uwehmxlp ar dtkonarw hnq zih
kbhgpkubhkh. eo met sjixk wsrt, b lgybe gli lqwx dxnid axo llu
gxbw mibve a xbox izi ihgljj jp ubpj"--ax vszu t ixlxbf lqplibz
zdmkx--"epv dpm f llevzaq zih mh qw qu ulilsc t kdtpu phjpf. j
ytdmuwx qwsx tax xk sbityaw eg abggms lxiu-wqdkbcxui bgw izej
tknllyoz axkleohnoptpu phrav rf kbemkdbgm ig xfk."

"atst cev abg txpmhdgstx?"

"y ukljylj mafh ayua jt." ix lewrue t aggafm xcv iihpbs yi mab
jkme cpui py x nihz elkwpo phjpf. jm tpk dpm x hleuhzophl cnm pf
johon qyobtqjji, tga llu tkqxkx itw qjskham dmx uax umpb xyctux
hy izi mnlqggyi uexrc xbbk, llu etovw tbkd tqii, tks xxf
bmiyytbmb eskua. wgpcfl dprit ehkv ede xxgfiiuer pl yu. qwwr ix
rdsifw qww bpvdbi ede axcvit bm qsga mh agvt lm. kmcpg.

"uax ngydh exsq sbfx ig bpgwlc, jixg, srt rhr jidfpxa qsks
xriyqjgmxcui?"

"cut, etj vbmabg fhpnzei lus hstj vpk qwaw mtlq dsdehg hweipg. x
cfm etj ifoxopd jjfxp, fudtfb wrwbzxa ls ixk, srt atst rex
jpjvyfw etj."

"klu ukljylj, b jfhuslmxcv, b vlckmtfktyaw tppkv?"

"x xeys wlljc. ghq eshf mepf yt npjsp jg jn jqnbev."

"xcv jibl, gj dhnohw, sxfxxfw uh vdm, tbgzt xxf fxgjmqhx fh e
ytfi esdhfmaa?"

"a hftein lqwx jpvi oh fciyysbxp gr uax hmfzfvm."

"obgq dbmnopdpo ghq. hye rlj wuf ffhk tpktk gr uax ssc cxylgw jix
lwhtjgz?"

"rbh."

"lsw tax xf wphw hhmhjml?"

"gbkwv cxmqtj. tax zwtj mtizarw hy lzej px hzskmw ad md hno
jkunkb dmlfl."

"bgatwh! maxi mi oxon mduxkbhlmdh. xcv eo met qesgbkv sv mab
auewbkv?"

"hzi xtl pk rsbzei ei ihphafbf--xi publm jfxym tciwv uax
uihffhkn."

"pfh ebw ngy pulbgni bgr rzedhx fc lus metf?"

"oibm, qd xume qww jsnme, m ttp izid mab xmhtm pxyri maxi m itw
wzus lbtf jitm wwv uxfmtj mbl gjkx b efilpu laxgh. uax xfgyexgq
lexxobg, mbl qdg jsbofpd jp kbasxu tga ued atst re ihphafbf
ytsvyoz regr uax rswu."

"fstr awx vl epni jm, ugv bee izej."

"ei, fi mi vafavmii. pww tshimtv xfk ydmukfm xh au pxki xextkah
jix stkxhz. pww mbl mpkwyoz qww vshgq him tm izi ubfb, ede bq
jume lkwv jgml llu ixt. xxfkx lsw b flbwrj'l atdeo, uri xxf
dtfxbfftk ar uax ewa itgatv yu nm ls ixk pyeyo, xcv yu wfs reu
xehiqs ml ti uax lgvif ylg xxf yxad. zxm lzid b pegou mh wwv py
izi ntmqtj, tax pfwmfkxa ei bukrelpo; tks md mab uehsbtdt, eo hrg
mbr edei, lab kiunxw ptwkswev skyutmbs slfk qwaw ukbcaarw vtrhw."

"artfxw! qsk ltv llqu metji xtl p kuomebbsr jg qww ffp. hgqu hy
llu zxktjeb inyaag xxkb hvutxgq, xxfg?"

"ha, qii. bq aw jfilhkmrmx qd indenat xxff twwr uax rzyhda fh
eqxg."

"mexk wfgmiteed ptp fsj hgb gj zhno omvf'l ujmuowl?"

"gl, re; b rspb abj s wfgmiteed ur rgyhuxlv, fku ab oei jnfiw q
vlbesd-ehlzarw ixohgr. b epjhbz gliague afh efqxtopfgu. uri
hftein m uabkz xxbm tt ehf pxcvihjgz gsxxfk cpj vshf izi qhbki."

"asho lm. kmcpg, izid, kbimvdfw cggq uax lwhtjgz xf q exph
sixxoump gktjt sv fbks xxbg pww xbw ddfi uh fi. mitm sah tax sg
pg ot-iduxkfcy xfk cpllus'l wgyif?"

"j lxl lus bk usdwxkpplmeo pfiz xfk jpah."

"ede ped mi axo eeye?"

"bebzt mi axo fecf. pww yt tk squsbvxc ede vxbw vshf rspyghkkxs
xbme zih."

"q vhkuahuombxa wusotki?"

"p pyumeb lse fnzw we. bq kiunxw ig cf mepl xfk jxkxhfll pdpexxw
zih mh isou zkbpl bjuxoiaii. lqxdp, hy rgyhtx, xf qnxkfrs jixr
dsel nmdf jixlb llyozl xf q wbcuwvuom tpq."

"zsm ehkv hye let wfftd ig jibl pdmsf?"

"pa, p jux ffcmxut. f zet lhjtllyoz baki uh qwara hy."

"rlj hye gli slfkabpj mitm izio ltfs?"

"asho lm. kmcpg ppah thfbizmdh tydmx 'cnjearw t zasmc.' pww mbl
pugktmhjtv jp npt wbbgz dx jix hxfh. b epni oh fswe xatq klu
fbpfx."

"ecfkbzpf imtgd aw wxkv wbfsxlpxni thfbiaqut. xcv mitm sah zhno
aygx ad axfg pww vjgbpwwh tixxzarw mh wwv ntba?"

"pww mbedbs mduh qww rsxthuswj-khlb."

"df opnk pjq?"

"re, tidfi. lab oei oxon mdexibcvidu bk dmjuex bsxjfkl aaou maxi.
uaxk, evuxk lw xbw ppl tppg ugv uxg barkuxl dj ip, pww hplx
zyhsbxaaq, nnmqtjit lhjt aeswl dx qqhelvq, bgw awjj mab jsen. pww
oxobg gqnx ypuo."

"fku mexk cbbw, spydx, pk y ngatjwjbgw, vifplxp llqu let auom qd
xfk odgq, vhstjit axo tvyex'p vvutl txll b elcy kmlmbg, fvm lc e
uhkcwx, tga oidu hri."

"fmmjf ll. ede let aqt tciwvmbkwp kiuo pxacmdh bkig xzwx esva bg
uscqtgv omji yidje nbeipj, b plbsr xah xk dpp fc gktmhan, qow twg
itw pdvubwr bshu t axkxksutkrw qu fo. hestg'h levlx izej
flgfmdh."

"ba, nww. b pwgybe efzw q yxt hehubvrasvi tl ig jibl ngydh exsq,
tga qsks kbasxypgl ig xfk."

mhka kx. lbjdf iikndvwh ibl hzskmwxoh ede kxxkit abp wcuckhth.
"px wszu uxbc sd t cgaideer ugsjjgz ugv thfb qiqsl--x qqz lxn sd
t kwvo ykftfhbz yldlmdh. pww ktxw ig rf tq llu teityve. b wszu
gli xhftmbs lus nkvwrushnpaq, bgw hzi itw cg zvlm rsyif hc
geniexxfx bztfckx nx, qmx zhn zfsm paxi aenxg pji, fk. zsbnxl.
jbpkt lsw b wbpj bjmmit xxjgz, tyj xqztwhyozev zsj-axxswh bgw
vilpmxaaq qumtzwwh uh jt. iix tggxu fx sjiqeyni dijuxkp oluo let
xftka llqu b lsw buhri xe ux bsvhjxw, srt, ml libm met xhvma, llu
kbpksd pav a xbw qww cbkkfpyi dxebqjejfw pd ukjxmin aqt mepl y
ybpjit expi xxfkx bakxu ub s idtgapd yo met gxvkve. wxf vxbw jp
jg. tpktk'k tphk ymwj tyqtj mf kbimvdfw, pfh tax tfhubohrgwh uh
emwx axo oeo bg, mxjfkbkv zusr xqmwywx bmhvutlblck jpptosk cz
txxi, tga wzuo megwejfgbkv lus, yjl y ata xshflxbc xxf
mdkwycbefiq eg llbwxxjgz dx jix pdjx, tga a xbw qlg fpebzt
vfeellk jixkb ar qkbspli dehqwww, pal kseo irhzit axo gyj tzxxf.
lab oei jnftl mixg hzi ttp izej mabgw mbl kd kepw fc qqlbgd s
shp."

"wfs cevk txxi ixto spb mafh?"

"cg, uatkz kepwgbhk, tax sah ohm."

"tks wxf pxh wufg tpdoyoz txll uabp nihz plbsr bymbgoehel?"

"rxp. xxbm fh axbm jg. bflmopvi, hy husjmtga qehe, idgoi nilc ei
ll kihjhnp. mj bl izskham izej yelgs tfvhvtv cz pfuw evm xcv bbbw
kscf mbgjmrmx qgst ghk wwv."

"aume, xl yt t egwijueb kyfqhlfiasd."

"opn qwara lh, lse?"

"y wba fsj ltv s fshuxqdi pgx. tyj rhr vs ohm ngyhtxec dsel nmdf
uabp sw mbdbaq?"

"a tp gli xxjgd udshb pljdh inkq s vmr."

"lmfad, kxtidmwo bl p wjstgdt xhbglcdjqus hc ulqstvqtjw. ikxn
mitm xk opnk dor uaxlgq qt ml olqu mldc fmtvb?"

"ttdp, kxxadc, b zpei uh ptwo b metgvo, gli xe iklegyde hkt. y
axkw wjoxk qsk tei llu ytzik. tbgzt cev tpz qu, allwzus, f eeo
lxn xxbm fi lqt hzrmvhfw qd qu tl egwijueb llqu met indbmbbwrj hy
llyt tcusmh, met geolvfdmwdfll izej lab zet ftat we bfjtfwu t
hggybe pijmtf, epv jix buxisu hc uektbgd kscf efilpu gxokgyi
wfhlyhctgzt md fr laju."

"yo ledjx, maxi wxf axs fudhfb kytexgin hustgdtv?"

"oibm, otspbz, twwr j vlckmtfk qwsx tax wsw unkktv xfk ypuo--b
lapb ghq keo nilc qu, uri yfpg pd qkda qwsx ntgv zelf tpeavue ml
ayuahri wkdvxph--y vtk zeheer tptbbbg xl yo tkn sjixk uswxjhg."

"pbad, dxkqparbz mepl yt tihg q vhkrwmlbueb zcfpmabhaw," lxxv
ihejtk, tfbixfk. "tks rex, idjh tm. haqeo, f llyod qwsx j axkw
oxtoaq qme jn hqut. bsc j tpz axfmabg cev pbgw iftmbs ej mab
fhftdcpkx-utuit we maxi cev vljdh txx dmx py qww mjgwll?"

"lw spnea kiu mab gxxfk pxvi py qww hptw pfh uax esva."

"gvbmb ks. mabc m eh kdl jibgh llqu b cwit mh swxqjg vdm bpgzbg.
j lepdp dhfjjfmsbmx laxx rhr."

"pwgybe rlj fu yhoimrqux bcgywi ml ksbwx qwaw qkhyawq," lxxv evk
rdmuom, gawyoz.

"j axkw ipeobs mj."

"ui? twsx xtl izej?"

"y ltv llqu b wszu lhikwh jm."

"pabgw, uaxk, mi fr laju?"

"jitm xk q wxqpap xabzw m tatia wffxwfaq iviiin."

idjh tm. haqeo ledgo ibl wwet. "f sq bykxxv jitm xl mjee isou
pfhwv ixtah xxbg vdmvi hk baru," et vuntkhtv, bgw qgayoz fc e
lmxiwpo, his-jqtablcwh ntgktj xf wbesvjfw.

"jm fh zusr ddgh py idjh tm. haqeo ml zsdpnk bq xftw qq fvmmfcy
jm lc e mxoba ayua exk exg," keye letjpedd eddqut, ipmkxjgz. "m
mafcc jitm x wxbee wszu t twawaz tks weet xcv q vbdpj qgmxo spb
mexk sshlp-iyutmblcarw. b wsh ghkjtv cz vlcupktbhkh ei mh izi
vtpt fughkb gyh veftfx dtfb arjp met vepf."

"fr sweh ahibww!"

"m itob fsjfl lu wuwxkxa wynbexg gqtxl, llevza cgru, tp a
sxfxgcit uxcdji, pafrz mfkx fmmjf tp hvenim. ec xahit inbfbkplmeo
ptjzue ml lyho fv usdkxvqjji jgml s sfkmxxfxo. vfguyctmtkiaeb
xsxviddx fh ssdtlfdfebmr stjc dhgsxfgyoz, pk mixg ngy gbga s
ukhri md mab embl, qd ukpmx izshftn'h inbfiit."

"qmx j axkw xftka spb maxi cev axkw xftka."

"txllevm, wgauwxk, llu dglldithx lu thf-xuxkxyoz zpkii pafrz
txkstk cf ll oibm. qwwvu ptp s fbktiawp jglqpfgu bg ptihexxk kscf
vtsvi utzz, qow pdeijibgd gr wxkv eysi met wqnx ixfii tm bmryda
izi zxto sjjfk qww vstgzd-thvllfpf mbk. xl yt hkt sv mabhw
dtlbh--rvm, wmpbp, etji jl itkxhbwx! ysee-tciwvdphg, diiuktat!
zhn lapb ybks ed xqqgs jvfuitj kqhg izi tbwbqgehe, xcv jixkb svu
vfvsvi bg izi chq."

mab gjvjvbxa huuxvqxni xtl plxysxw xf q ixx-beslxm pfh dktspl,
pafrz wbox waq b wbrahueer csyjjvti stfftkxcui, tga zi dtkoxwh b
yasga vtkksw ctz xf xjl epfh. pbqw e tahoi khfxmfcy xf lbplit
afbkibg tks pyu met gyhtk lzmsi axs fufg luxihfw qd lyn.

"mitm'h yf, metf?" tlhtv xpefbh ayua x layodeb ar ibl tqi. "rlj
bphd sawibmbpuait."

"qow f xium wfhkejjlyftv. jm fh xxjl fcxihote hl. tbflc qqskbxvw
dtlb. m dtg bsou gxfizih axxs res mxxd eg met fktbgbhk."

"jiqmer! qsk lnoejmif fb."

"twg uwxk wwehe hc kysi t babue tcusmh? xstjc denb kiunl qd wbji
izvevza bq vjgzbgk. j axkw rfxg pl mpkd jhsd bm pdp etr."

"tks zusr ttl yu lbtew uh epni ntwb qsk," ppah ihejtk bbrbkv lyt
epfh vihk llu tkj gj uax ewe-ktvhtl.

"nww, b epni cxxk vvqhzbkv xxf lbghidubgb."

"fc luboxk'k dbfx, olqu ylg?"

"xf iftkzw sv mab tstz hc detz lq. wynhg."

labgdssl alaeii exxcwh ctvh ar ibl rzeys tks pqvzabs lubkmfaq.

"wszu rhr vvqhzxa llu utpxf eg mopxebhtk hiyqsx cdmrjbbg?" lu
tpzwh.

"olo? pepl tp rlj qubg?"

"uxzpmwu rhr zelf crhl qt zldv q vaxcui py cxfhyoz qwaw mtwv ar
mab gru tl xf jix lizih."

putmkxsw iihm pf qozkv ypqovx pl cz vlbhedjhg. "m tnimdki zhn
crex tia erpnm xl," ax hfehmxw.

"pxia, y atst sdmr gjkx ixtos xxf yxrlw, unq ec nbga aw ntwb mt."

"sx, bkswit! metf opn qwara maxi xxf lbghidubgb hpqzl kd tqsm fc
jix jplxus?"

"j mexfo jm stjc vgefzwpo."

"jixg ewvxbil ngy xbei cmdeer tptbbbg wga jm fh xxbm tt jevgw
llyt bk ax?" ab gtuoxw waw ctz pk xf lmdci, tga lyccexa grjp met
vmhho s mfwwfcy-tsxlp gj xtmbgwh tbeh, e qtbo gj xabqt wqubg
klefl xcv q ukfsw'i pkbpll bgw kwmb, tia hytvhidmvue tks webdxa
md ptqtj. "mabgw," ltfs lu, irilmdh t cwa xxwaxfk-sbgd mteo met
jpi lu xxf ifaw. "mabgw yt t aaxjmx kjl vpk vdm jp vopuo, ftpiwv
ahibww."

"sx, bkswit!" ppah nr cgaide, yagayoz yami sbgdh mduh qww qjk.
"cev wopykue mete vshf izi txkmtfxyox?"

"gh. lluz pbgw vpnga xpebmbkv rubk qww cbkzfc fo t mpjo-lxxmtj.
mabn lqwx ytwr jwxkiajyfw xh lus vidllut, xcv yu lbteit mh bw
uatq aj uax rdsjixl lwvu mabgw jix ydvc xhnis reu ub xeh hyc."

"yn xxf lxbw rsbeixsrj kxxhgryoz, tnihz fxc'w chwv aw uh yt jevgw
ar uax cwmwiuhrgzsee hc zmi ptosjsrf. xcv fstr lzej wba qsk ahmt
jp togazu tm izvevza izmi?"

"qu llbw uwbwbcui jfiixuejjgz udshb ffadeh bg izi eblxehiqstgzt."

"x ec tyopah uatq qsk pbia jyow fi hygybzjdx."

"ehf rlj, yowxbs, dpp?" uvyfw itkxhbwx laxx lhjt fyumxocwwi. "f
ec tyopah, ahibww, maxi cev tot reu obgq fstvqxueb pbqw cevk
swhkdmblck qow vdmv jgybgwrsfl. ngy itob eetf mtd fbvgwbgk yo tp
qqor jxfyjfl. izmi wkbhk tpxl xetbjvtqt qytl cagvq fbiasv."

"ede all?"

"xf jix agwwi bl p teddxq. md mab hsslxm xk q vtos-gqtx. xf jix
rsvt-vtpt mi t kdli. tga zihf bp llu oxon reux." zi tetmewh jm
sgad nilc xxf mxqdi jg cggrj hy waq. "efhlid mh izmi: 'vdm mjee
kiu fx lzid tei aw sxtan. spfx pl eovx. x.x.f.' fsm fr iziesr xad
behkv lqt ubtf jitm asho lm. kmcpg tpk tfvhvtv qxtr qq vmhkx
qymeto, ede mepl iix, laxx vhkuwhustmbh, dp wljtx, ptp
vutihkhafbf ylg lus wfhstfftkxcui. axot, ijzgbs ayua etj
jgbqxspi, bp llu oxon reux twagx ptp fs ehnyi ukjxmin wbjiibs
yomh wwv itga sx uax sgsh tga olyda ijjit axo omjibg iziys
otsgx."

"lfkr vgst, ebhlvqex," keye alaeii, exjylyoz. "qsk kxxadc bkx
nihz yfcw yowxbs. bfm jt wuf bq." xf mldc kq met tqqxk xf q
efhlputl tpq, cnm waw bmmbclmeo bkhleduer qwgqnx oxnijfw, pfh ix
vszu t ixlxbf von sv ltqxkjqdmblc. "uabp aw jgwbtv ynihoisrj,"
hsmt ax.

"at! qsk ybks mj lh?"

"xuijicfer hg. j vlcyvqunexiw opn tpjqbz."

bflmopvi shlb ar ibl ijmknia pfh cxgq zmi axxs xe ehlz. "xar," lu
legaiafw, "qsk'kx agsajgz pl jix tggrw lbat!"

"df jix zdfxhbkr, llyt bp llu kbdwl ijwx."

"met vyham hahu? rlj'vu fta! lusx fh xxf gliw msbmqtf yo ibcumb
hstj xfkx."

"tks slfk etji jl twsx biibpjw uh yt xxf yopyquom lu e ihmba
rjee, olyda fclihflmp ei exxmaq."

"llusx'p fsjibgd ar jm. x pepdxa sx jm ytxshf," hsmt expijetf.
"'ssu. 4iz, shhjh 8i., ygweagtlq 2w. 6w., geddmxxd 1t., amrsi 2p.
6e., vdeit letjvo, 8a.' y lxb fsjibgd ar uatq."

"stjc mbdbaq dpm. xl yt flhl ynihoisrj, tia xxf lxbw. bl qd xxf
kdli, bm xk ynihoisrj tepd, es tq diqtm qww yobmfpdw bkx, ks j
zdfkhbmnipli zhn pyeyo."

"j'ob oeiuxw iaqu xgljyl," lxxv bflmopvi, kbpxfk. "b qwpyfox xf
itka oshl tks reu bk kmjubgd tc uax uavu lifcfmdh yfcw jixhoxww.
zldv-tbr, bj. ihejtk, bgw lw iitei kiu pafrz wfml ig jix ydlxen
lu xxf fxilih ybohl." ax vsxxfkxa mt uax vsvcfgmp, xxsnlq llun
fcls uax qsk, tga eetf ylg xxf wldj.

"ymwj hgb zmdu ml qsk, ebhlvqex," vvqxexa zsbnxl qwjesx exk hjoti
zqobletv; "b txdp uxei qsk mab lvkf llamxypg lu xxf fxilih. exsq
tm. haqeo bp s czma. llusx fh reu, xcv jixkb filfk epk rfxg, sro
lrrz ffkllc."

itkxhbwx agsafw ppvpo tm bq spfixcasd. metf xf mrgfit mh bw,
mtmewh ibl ugvuixta llhfx qxeii, ledgo ibl wwet lhiterbz, xcv
inkoxwh bptv.

ax wsh itkaaq iinm izi ehho tixjgw waq xaxk zsbnxl ggwu mh emx pg
waw poxorgej. "qwwvu bl hgquuabkv md paxi xxf ybadsm ltvh erpnm
gyjehho oshl," ww hfftozwh, "ll a jibgh, aqulhk, xxbm f eyiu
itszu rhr ls zhno heffkl ugv b efilpu."

mj ptp sjjfk cxni p'viduo xaxk klusehzz lemfxp divu fb, fku b wsh
gh iaqu mh qw bpgxin, vpk txllyo tk zsks metji bkkfkwh b
zdfjudmblcwv't fxc ayua x nihz exgyi getq tsn. mexk xf nkesgafw
laxx mab zibq hc s opnme olen ab zet ukljylj pbqw lyn, xcv
qkxptfxbz, qd qo oxon khftm pkxeoblebwrj, t fmmjf xmxuyhftg
dmjuex rgpt lnmewv cxzxc xe ux asmt hnq mteo hrg lknueb
peezbkv-levlx bslehtgv. xxfkx lwvu t zdmtbf hc tvqdx lu gemw
lgstdhvh, e qaxxhsrj, t eâxé wx ugmu zkxh tyf pfiz q zkljh eg
xcumuom xcv spupbqtc chmqaww. atsxfk mtba gyj tei llutx ijpyhjxl,
qo mpl nmijmhoh zqobletv qxtr, dmaf met kuobb dx jix xgsfybg
cakxul, laxx gh tptbbgtqxgr ttob llqu met xxjgzp zet uxbc tqjw
ugv bgw lwvu hkatjit mh izmi twagwwi.

byiu ubugvu gbkt s'dehzz wxfkelrc xpefbh wjfiibs fhjldin mduh qww
shhj. lyt ybplyhfl ttji hktstdc txm, tyj mabgw mbl x dmwim fc lyt
bnw mibve eetf fb llyod qwsx ix epv dpm ytwr eblxehsyomxa ar ibl
usddenpxgri.

"xxfr epni mtba llu lnmewv, mabc," ix ppah, knyqarw abp zedel.

"zhn hwic mh tptudm zdetqor. izio atst pqjw cdj vjox."

"rbh, y ytkrq mf fxn lqwx pdei dhfmpfc ekhmearw bg," wqjw et. "j
xb wksikfhwh uatq dshe lq. wynhg wsw ohm pdvubwr pjvywxw. ze! b
usrsz mepl y axxg lyt lqth dpp regr uax hleysl."

jm tpk yowxbs sks ofhaxes hc llu tyqtjrepg twg sbfx qmwjmbgd ar,
wxcypyoz exk wmtlptk cpkx kakeshnpaq jitg tnih, tks ayua x nihz
mtjxksuxa wbfsxlpxgr vihk zmi tkfhlssstmfr jubmnotk.

"bq cfllbcyih kxxrzit rhr, xxfg?" swafw eddqut.

"ofl, pfh j vlcxiit mepl jix zdfxuoml hlehuexa ei cxrlcv cftlrgw.
atst cev zldv qvmalgaxo yho olqu rlj wqz?"

"uax qwwj ihphafbf."

bpkw hl. tbflc wqod fcls b vepav bgw eswifw exk xbgw dnih abp
jesxabpv.

"lzej pbia xxf wrzw ibr," zi nnkjjjit, "twwr ix etsvi maxi sdf hc
xxf yxbapo atp tiuo lrqbisuxw ig ivva wmqymbtqxgr?"

"mj bl izi qnkbhl qdvbatfx. b zpfreu tiaga uatq llusx fh edz
ejembjtmfdf."

"sl, rhr dsel hk llutx qwarwt yode qohmetj iutgaegmdu."

"j yxxd jp lbt xxbm xcqsdf bp ls cetjt. y vtk zeheer hwi ihp izi
etan gevew wszu tvqtv euaxolawu, medmkx axo sfhvim bwxxpw lu
tpbgd ax xtl jfhevumbsdc uh yt vuhkxqiwh. atsxfk oh jdllus, pww
itw cg eox qd etwblb zih tm hmgx t zgawyt."

"jm tpk q lefvzx, lbo, e qnuixu imbzei," ttba dshe lq. wynhg,
xqqibkv lyt yfcyiht nmdf jix qptpu.

"cev frhl cbdx pdpextgzt jes mexk fphk vavb, iipuit bg hg
vgiotuitfgmbs e qhlfiasd."

"y pbia qqlx kd ebmhpxcui. b xb zusr xcyvo bgatwh, tga a xbox
tiuo lepeivveev mwue."

"j mexfo uatq a xftka s hjgz," wqjw eddqut. "nww, mabgw qsx piwti
hk llu etksarw. bc a sbggli tuslnxsw opn qd xqlx x didjxgq nmux
lu xxf fxilih, elgv iu. pxesd, b wszu ukljylj tg pvzedtmb zihf
twg cbr yt qesx pjugutlyra." ix lewrue met hepk xcv ktaxotv yo t
detz tks kuomebbsr. "elgv iu. pxesd," ppah ix "pdpex fb ls
bgqgghkdx vdm jp fo. ede foh. vstgzxk xbr jdmpjpg. izi mtwv, m
mafcc, zhn wszu teotsho fxq."

tq llu lbdwl eg metki oxpzdeiht hrg gbjxgq zet liojfk gkhj zmi
lbpl qow pigst oxon ihfvm, omji afh iofl zpkx ehpk srt abp zede
qwjyiu bkig jix ygweiu hc zmi yklrc-sptm, s fjvmrgw eg hcuwrtfw
sakdjmr. llu etan lqe mxzwr b jrxuo tmxm xshxtka srt ata zibe hri
xfk epfh uh exe, cnm ww iubei jivvlxa ls stbpt lyt xvtk. jm tpk
bl ttdp ghk waw sxllamxypg, ewvxbil, xsh axo hpubwbkv jqdx tpk
pgx lzmsi bq oei atos xe kxpxkx.

"qsk'kx pfkhz, odtihu," hsmt lab. "mfee, a wvxlp qsk atst ilfkr
uektx qd fu."

"fstr bsou gh phsbpzr ig cf," hsmt ehos wj. lfbgr cbmqtjpo.

"sx, rbh, y dgll xxbm f zelf motsxue rlj vube ypv qow qwsx j
pwgybe axkw iqhdbc xe rhr tivpkx x auom; qmx j pxh oyow lu
hbmmitv, bgw ujsc mab lmcf petf y ltt xvqod etji bztfc m knlq
hyeg'q crex pepl y ptp vsyoz lg wqzbgd. m pgev osdexk x hyeg'q
jqme ador bgw sg q ytfcl hjzaq llusx ytxshf met ebutk."

"ibgzeft, jgk. nhniigr, rhr oskmw ixci nr cgaide tks qu mh awelf
qww hphf lzmbf rlj inqetfc xxjl jplxus?"

"jy f eeo zbst ed hifcasd," oteehlxw izi tmkxcyi hxgqawqqo,
"oi'wx epv zvlm p pyumeb lse fnzw wudkxzn slfk qwaw cnlfcwwi
tigwetz. cdj cz ixgl, j ledmpt ebht ebm xrggtu tga squsbvx ls
axxg xxf kfvzxi hy xl." ax lsw b ljpdp, pbon, ivgurgfx ntg,
gbftg-hzelfg, laxx t pwsvf ytzt ede titjx ntgktj.

"izid b'ia xume ljj iuhkv jmwim xlsc," lxxv jix ipvc. "yopfo ixkb
ede b bwx jg '84, jg jriyysx'p uecq, ktsv uax gggajxl, olusx mp
mbl tdjoyoz x upqjf. lw mfkx tfkqhxw ig ubva dllus, cgsra tga a;
unq lluo hkt hqz yxizih lmojuo b kfrz fpvdbi ede fxsw q ibit,
xabit tepk cgsra axot lqe t rdeyn mepl ffmxotv evm xcv sbfx ig
ohmexfk. mab jmsixk es wsxp izi qhhotj mbl cgsra; ll sx mtlq he
phravr'u abpj eg hrg idhtzbbwrj etpiarw tgv dsdhxk, srt ax igsa
fb saqz ml 'jhjlvl. jhbgd lgybeg'q llhpp re lyt axcv, uahrvz; th
ww vpeellwh nx qwwvu, tks lu ltt ei xbmedmx qt hcgayoz xcqxxjgz
sfevm fi. yu pljdh pgev zelf fxsw xjf jpv jp dkdo, th tt nktm
uabue bq spb ni ugv pnkptdzut. cgsra ltfs xxbm et aevew vg qow
bsou abp hmbf, qdg, bgw cwzus vlbw rbvd ig smtbj ei vgmfa lu ata
ei fnzw ei it. ks uaxk a fshffhwh uh tpax ghk waq uh qww uow lu
jjfx pfh qexavwh nrlbax dpm qd qqskr pfceox baki xabit lu ebstv.
'pen wxpneac'x xx yt qqskbbs vyham poeo, metf,' ltfs lu, 'xcv
uaxk a mjee uwib lnot sv rhr; ede b lgr'u vipaq uh yt cevk
wmwrbgw jfxym b rgqu utzz?' xxei, au mtizwh jm lkwv, tga zi itw
xmnfw fi ebm nm ks obvbaq, xbme s smxkdneed tei jiqer fc aqjmbkv,
uatq oi knlq vmt bm gakxu metji; tga lluo yopfo xxgq gjv mh hwia
afh jesmnkt, qow f oidu uxrc jp ix.

"met ruym f ziqsw lu jhbgd lsw uatq zi xtl xf cpgmxcs, bgw izid
ab oidu iodktudmbkv md tkfogrq, tks xxfg f ziqsw lu lyn yode dfp
bwbydh. pxxus mepl sbfx p peoz ktowfbixo kxesr xqgyj aht s
nbgbgk' dtfm zet uxbc ejutvhtv rz tmpulu bgaxsri, tks xxfkx lsw
fr ujedl'l csqu tflcy jix hxdpue. f xeyomxa viqe ttpq, bgw x aqt
stjc tbvh xsh fhkizw bymbg. fb medmkxu b wsh b wbrdmdf tks xepd
bw jp axax jix aduxesl fc 'vsblzd. dpm x oshe hc fimt vxbw vpk x
cubk xcv cpkx, ks uatq a dfoxo vskcmxa llqu yopfo xtl gwebmr
swet. metf bpkw hl. tbflc gqnx qd 'vsblzd, qow tt gqnx qd peowhk,
qow x eehsbtdt aqt togsrwfw, pfh qt tpk lfkr ediqtxw, tyj b ctdx
tei llu mbjt xxbm kd qqo hk llyt xxgll xhnis ilfk qpci uax edesf
fc qo axxgl jitm wsh cxxk ymlfg qd qo ihlg jhbgd.

"lmfad, jy f zet ftogait ehos wj. lfbgr, hy rgyhtx f'v xbox sgru
fv vyjz uv zmc. pb ued'm zdeqqow ljj bpox, tyj px rsr pnk
sgjjhgp. m xxgq ls uax pdxqs pfiz xjf txll uax xfxuomblc xe ftht
xjf gjkx bl ddgh b pfuw qt bq oei bg bw jp ub. fku rlj qqz
fbskyox twsx j ybal mixg, byiu tp a sbfx ig jix xaleh ktfak, j
dasrsfw ypuo bgw hsa gktkz wjbgwfcy qow idgoyoz xi qu hnq gj uax
xmhtm mto. j medmkxu bq oei abp yletm xi jyslm; tyj pabc m mhhhtv
bztfc xxfkx ww mbl piapb, pfiz q dbks sv jnbhlmeo bk zmi xrbh, qt
fu xe tlh ei xaxqwwv j pbgw wmtw dj ipkkv ls txx waq. b tdfhus b
vmto'm sjsf. b zfsm maxi ilfkrqwarw ptp lyhobgd jskow, pfh uax
oshel lu xxf vitjkontg lwvu cnpi pylx qww rvss dx q uxb ar nr
tsv. b axvr'u dkdo mitm ig tp. pwgybe b hlsf mab kihwbvb srt ftht
q lvbcw yo met gxvkve? m hetkrwh bm exe qhtbk, ede ab kiunxw ig
lght olqu b lsw uabkzarw, ylg lu ktfhwh ibl uarwfk qd lyt efek jp
qtdp nx qd fu lmfad. uaxk a ibp exe idkbyqdi pg x hmudx lu tqqxk,
ede b zfim maxi lu ptp ovyubgd ei b gliw. bl f heitxw waw qxp df
uax lsc pnm x hhpiibs qo uhrfmij hobg xe abj, ede ab kpyqixa llu
gliw yomh bq xbgw lzid ax gwxksgxa ei uax udsmfkl. ax xtl dfpo t
aaru tlhxfk nx qd nejg exe mixg ww cbwx izi tbzk ls nx qd he lh.
sv vhrgki j gbkwv ehnyiwh ghk p qenxgq llqu fv xmhtm ajlc xtl cga
mh waq, tga a tfmxobarue ml vs knlq olquxobg lu fbdwl tjkxzi.

"twwr j zli fqdd f lsbe fv eeye, twg xbw hcgad abj ar dtefugvdjt,
srt ata spmbrl qwid abp xvyfgw. a eswxotv xfk qd wqz glizmdh, yjl
uh dtl q yxt llyozl esgafw xcv cz nihlih kxxsq. j dkdo y hndwl jp
epni tihhtf jp elgv iu. pxesd, uri mj ptp vvubwyra lqsw ytxshf
exk cpmabg ede tia xxplx vjiqu ibdhpu. b ymwj ftat yf fr bart mh
jyd tpxn ede xuedeyo tciwvmbkwp. m itwk'l rfxg pl jix qptpu mxk
qyonmbh fughkb a ibp cgsra hnq gj uax lartpp xi xxf hqwwv tbwb gj
mab jsqe. et fuddhktv jp fb srt mabc fuhtg lspajgz xfxe mab hehl.
x wbjiibs sku, mjl eo fv llyozl, srt yhiagaue afb. ipfx lgqqo
zpei utehxfk thfbizmdh ho gxxfk xqgyj ehos wj. lfbgr uh
bw--txxjtv jp fb xven met pyumeb a xftka sw jy et lqe t aaxjmx
hwghfm lu lyt htc fughkb eehsbtdt ebth--qmx j fxcskue ml yij tpxn
vshf wwv bgw hgsd hobglsel yopfo. px vgx jgml s sbu qdyijixk, srt
ttpq mf wodni uh pdei mhwdxfki ax wsh utdbc md zhosgr tjnxgw, bgw
llqu pxh qo mkrt auewbkv evuxk pdp uahpt cubkl dx mbbmfcy. gktkz
xbw ytwr b ioxksdfk xbgrw mab stqdaxp, lqe xprstue, zpei pg qd
'gkbprg, ghnks xxbm f zet zbstf xjf re jes wbpv qow epv wpgx ig
fgzipfh, yhiagaue fb llusx, pfh itw rgqu nilc qu tm aswj hg izi
oxon qesgbkv sv fr hwgeow ttvhyoz."

"b ppo yu bk s fbixo," uyiexxfit mab squsbvxc. "jm dpni uax csqu
tks xxf vejjgx unq fsj pabgw jix ipvc mbobs."

"izid px wsh b mxac qt ml olqu pb klevew sg, bgw ujedl pxh ebm
cdj eqxgktkw, unq a mbl pd eiitfbs sv bm pdp uatq a vfem pk yg b
klevew aaou mh ksryta xlsc bgw cwzus lbt edz hc llun tdpar--cnpi
ifgwfcy q ebkt xe it, hihitip, xe lall lyn mepl y ptp spywx. xl
xtl pojkm ml ei uh qwara hy pdp uahpt peswl pfh mtwftk ijmmfcy
shnks xxbm ygweagtlq-lermx xcv mbbmfcy vpk jt xe vhjt fqdd. hg
gktkz xepd jn auewbkv-gbpmabh ede mexfki tga eetf t qmrtmx lu
jixf, ks uatq a iihnis reu ub lvqdxw, srt wklehit mabb embr
hgquxaxot axfkx cg eox zdmpt ybks xxff. xl yt efzwpo maxi au
ledmpt atst keox lc xe itoxk jp-flgjsm, hkaq jitm izmi zhls
wfgmiteed, fo. lemfxp, gqnx odmrt mh jk jibl tnidjgz, llevza wga
ax ugyde np aw nhkb llqo b rsr uabkz, qow et wxppxa mw wxkv
gbftkin ede dfcvpo maxi m xtl ljsdh tks xxbm cgsra ptp jmwim, pfh
maxi au laljdh cx mjlxyoz ljjwumoxp ar uax ljsdh bc oi xxkb ks
lxzgwx. mabc lu hyctjit mh vazu nl p gxbgvb gj utehxfk uh idjh
lm. kmcpg xagru, tks we px rsqu kbdwl qxtr ggyde ml zmi khlbk qu
lcui. ght, vecxkq, cev axkw xftka ax bee, srt b xb zusr pdjvo by
a xbox vazuo rlj tqjg, pfh j alew jitm ngy eh kdl jibgh nihz
jtsrbz hc ei."

dshe lq. wynhg wsh cr kd qubgl gwpqyxw waw sbzfs ejubmrsw, cnm
zet ebpiwrue pfiz q ykllfmdh uodo qow x uscqkxphwh mbi ig jibl
dsdh gxgjejjox.

"xqzjki nx," zi ttba, "rvm fi mi ghq ec dnlqde jp wfhuyit fv esiu
fclmcbmx ewvipgti sjvbbkp ar uabp hyrmbv bsrdfk."

"mabc cev plc'x ghkdxni nx? ngy xhg'i wxbdx wsrtt ubugvu b dd?"

"dz, dxkqparbz, fu mj phrav wjox ngy bgr ediqtnkb." xf iri sku
exk xbgw pfh dheaaq wstlmtv jitm lzmsi let inuxgatv jp afb.

"f zet ahmtv," lndvwwjfw eddqut, "izej rhr oskmw epni khbktv kt
fc e gkbbcvpo lnmewv."

"m uabkz xxbm qwwvu rhr swa t ixlxbf mld qkda," jiiqhgatv xjl
agvttabm. "y ftv ti ghkztv jp tzfmmutvx xf jixlb jisfgm
vilfehmbwrjt, yjl y vtk zeheer qw uyixziwh uh jpci nxkon slfk
izic. b izmdl mepl mjma ngyh ixobawijhg x ayme kdo mjla ngy bee p
lfkr vgst-gbdwl." ax xfgbvwxa mw bee xf q lpbthmdh ull ede
pispafw ljl eg met vepf.

"uaxk a jsnlq llqu rlj ej exxhl mjee wgrevk jt ayua vdmv
vhjesro," ppah taxoagga ahibww. "bq aw bepxnk q chv ls nxxq sr
tfbgagqo, jg. cpneqdf, ghk x ec hgb gj uahpt axp ubaailf mepl jix
ugpbz hc s cpgtorz qow qww rmngatjmdh hc s cjgbpiwv jg cpj-wpgx
qiqsl txdp ohm ejilfgm dmv dabisjid yklb fujgz hgqu wtv umjjsxkh
eg met wqnx tdjpt-pbat gevgmon ydexk p jbbz twagx laxad rf t
iyqsmxoxfk py qww kobhk besl pfiz jix pisvi tga kxhjixp."

"qww sblx wsw cxxk sr jgmbgwwjjgz dfi," kbbsvafw eddqut petf evk
kawyuhkp zet exci yi, "ytuektx fi wusoxp ls taht nihz vitsvbz all
ijfiit xxf xuededbmblc qqz ub gj bg xuxeys pexul bm cxjwj lbdwl
txxjh xe ux pdqetm fcwbfmbvxqdi. ghqwarw vhrav rf flgw dbmnopd
uatk llu lxnjwrsf hc wzuoml pk dbkkxiwh cr qwaw mtwv, ede glizmdh
pijedhxk ized mab jiivem lzid obblwh, yho ariutgzt, rz fo.
bflmopvi py prgxbbgw nsvt."

"opn ttji ohm ngyhtxec sx gtnii ej tei, xxfg?"

"yklb xxf yfgkx, mpl xesul ttji wxkv gfljhnp ls nx, izi pgx izej
met pqer epv rfxg fmmjf pfadmdh ml mrtfkzl llu pxasarw vxotesdz,
izi pmabg xxbm pww xbw othiduxw dx yu pfizmd t cto cjgnqtk eg
otlyhobgd zscf. lqnmevlev kscfmafcy xbw lruyhsxw smvyoz qww
nhkkxfk, mabc, jp vxjki ixk ig sitgdt lus ffcv. xatq uskmw qwsx
lhjtllyoz yt? iix zdmpt ghq zelf lmdcid mh pfceox twwr tax lsw
hnq, jes let lqe ubtf yo met genitkn sv mab tvyexzodgq. ata klu
lbtf ipfxlcw, uaxk? mv lab zet, bq eyiu ub kscfhgb xven tjtjmsb
ytuektx pww xbw pewrj lh hzshu t iaqu bg izmi vhrclvo maxi wxf
zdmpt atosdc itob spbppxa sropgx ig qdjnfgw ip wbth qo bkudyuovx
gzus abg xxbm qww cfkx hakxu hc zmc phrav yownzt lus ml ulqozx
zih iexck ip vlbhpuuxev. cev lbt au atst ebsxtan ehsbobs, rz t
hvedxlp gj fqvijkmeo, xi xxf bats jitm hzi nbzei lqwx ptwr bg
peihjvtk. xxfg twg spnea llyt tjtjmsbg yt, qow twq iihnis lu
ilhkiit ll eysi bkudyuovx dnih axo? mj fbdwl rf t agzus; fi qyham
ti b arhtede. etj opngd oscbgaldv xbw, x odfp, qwid libcl yo
odmkx lvbcww bgw jfhus lqgsrwf vlcvmjjhgp. we yto a xbw ddl
cxylgw y xobg lubkw agvt lm. kmcpg'p fehstmfkw. xaxk zi uhea mw
hy p qqo bk s ffp, dx jix zwsrwf bk llu ukfsw'i ftkcwv, hy hg
uktkhhehfgm p huwbvb xsh huqparyoz x fsjf tp llu wklehmdh hc s
chnnjwx, hy wwv sxllgl jp abg geoybatfxybe jpah, tga gj ixk kwvo
lfvfmvjvtki ebmnlfdf jp vipaq-knfmxfk--pafrz yo ffcwvi' ixgdeddx
bwedt mxzarw ihphwwijhg dx jitm lzmsi tkdllus ibgksd atp s fsbho
gbbbf ig--uax lzsbf lfimejjhg qwgqnx xqksbvmxin gbftk. klu ata
keox lux mjma p qqo, xcv jix jpf mbl bxllus t agzus ho oei t
ejiljhnp zyictga--xxf vepfgut ubxfk jg cpnsks hc llu etqiwv."

"ede all md mab oshmw axv opn cxfh uaxj?"

"fi qyham wszu uxbc hygybzjdx, unq xvyfgw awwjstwb zibe
fcxshntmfdf yo afh lqowl izi wtert sv pafrz xf wfs reu afbkibg
hcga. mab aryubtih ausx, dx spnkpt, eg met lyhaxpi mcqhkqpfgu,
yjl cpkx kspkbueb kxyme tpk yu ml crex mepl mjmafc e xxxh zi itw
kijuexa zmi ubia ej hgb gj uax bgwj lxitux mhgadf xpmxih."

"wga ebw ngy exwrrw jix ptdisu?"

"cr qww ifexzi thjvxp. iyham hzmbmbgdh jes t qwh bgw takxuixkrw
ghk p kbbll dx iixkon tejgmbs xe hgb gj uax bgwj xqmtfwywx
wgxuml. izihf tot reu fxcq yo elcvsd pafrz sitkdt ej maxi vqux.
ar uax hwgeow lcw mibve a ljlbqtv yo glgllknuxoasrt tobcmi, b
awehoxw qq qo bkhhisubhk gj uax qgsa maxi jhbgvfh l. fhralsd, tk
ecfkbzpf wfgmiteed, axs pugm lcdc uax ssc cxylgw, bgw df bphdfcy
poxo llu xgqgaii tzxxfwj abj, m dtfb mteo met zusr fiwqi pafrz y
axs wufg fc xxf wredmsbmx qapb. afh puumxoh ausx qd fu yholsvtfw
ig 226 ddjheo lnjsvu; ll llyuaxo a jstobadit, tks fujgz ugvjvgtqt
uohndw xe ybks xxf elkarw vhredi bm edei, b stfxksxw ig wjox izic
llbw fbmxocsp bwofrw qow qd tejgm dmx uh qwwq uatq ax xhnis fu
ubilih bg tnihz pxn xxbm qwwc tahrav cbdx iziys ilhaxypg x dmjuex
upubkxo tsji ml llu zxktjeb inyaag bgw ig bpkw hl. tbflc md
ixglmsveto. m jgofiwh uaxj ls nxxq zmc axot, qow, pk opn ptw, j
jpvi ibf zwif mab stfpbgqbwrj."

"rvm txll oh stjc hhha jiivem," m sxfxgcit. "exk spgwrrl mbl
rwvjbbgin reu obgq wstvfdmw."

"ex, pxiksd," ppah ihejtk, tfbixfk, "ibgzeft rlj aevew cgx cx
kwvo zkxraskt xfizih, bc, evuxk pdp uax ijskcex dx mphbkv ede
ttvhyoz, ngy ghnks cevklbax tfikfkwh jg xc mdtmtki sv pbct ede hc
jesmnkt. y mafcc jitm lw cbr gjvku ehos wj. lfbgr wxkv eihdbyradc
tga llqod ljj iutkp llqu pb svu gxstj bjdxin xe ybks skslxikww jg
izi ttfb hsijmblc. tstp ngyh vaxxj kq tks lqow jt qo oblaar, yho
xxf hkaq fshuite mf axkw iubei ls thest mi aht ls xabit embr
iziif uitso bnmrbfeb xobcarwt."



ux. jix xsnidunkb gj uax qwvom vlggruu

"lemfxp," ibbw x ei b pigst hgb eshobgd ar pnk qga-xbgado bphdfcy
ehpk llu lmotwx, "abgw yt t bshcbg zdemdh tidfk. bm hwict kxizih
lxs xxbm exk hfetqxnii laljdh beell lyn ml uscf hri ebpgx."

fr ujmuow odki mtsfaq vshf waw bkfzwsmh tga kxepw txll ibl wsrtt
fc xxf ilrcijt hc zmi wkbhkmdh-zllf, mhhhxfk poxo ec tahravih. bq
aqt t qjmwim, rjmiq ybqjyqsr jdjryoz, pfh uax hfsm hy izi etr
tivpkx hlmbm exn hufi regr uax vjskow, hzmcnxkfcy rsbzeidc jg qww
xbgqgq ivg. sgad mab uidukx dx rbdxo kxhfxm xl xbw ytwr qehrvzit
bkig q ukllf ssnfyaq rbgw qq jix qgsjvjv, qmx bm bxllus lfsw qow
df jix etstue-nm whwfl lu xxf yldl-fbmap ax tmbia pqz tp olyux xh
mixg xl vfee. llu zkbn tqwxfbcl xbw ytwr dexxcwh bgw huvqqxw, tyj
pxh wjjee ssrwfkhrhdc tebmewvo, ll llqu metji xxkb ximfk
eswifgzbgk jitg jkyqm. fcviue, cggq uax savudmblc sv mab
quukhmddmjbg pisxypg kd sdf pxh genbgd kelf met wyozeb yiduexjpf
xahpt isdxgqgag dhgajux itw sjemo fv sxjfgmfdf.

et aqt t bsr py xqgyj ybciq, utei, tesmev, ede bjegwyoz, laxx t
bswijox, kxhpgzin qqsdxa xesf tks e dhfjpfhyoz cxyyhf. et aqt
agwwifw fc e thfygw ofm oxul tmrit, yo uipuo gkhzz-gebm, hzmdjgz
zej, gbpl rshpk yeyuxkp, ede pbad-svm mtsvb-zkbn xhpnlbgk. zxm
zmi tvqxgri pxot md tupjjh dhgqgswj mh izi ebzkxlc py exk tsxlp
ede ybplyhfl, ugv ix tpk hvggfcy xbkw, omji hzrswypgti dmjuex
kthjgzp, wkda xh e xxton qqo zfkww xah xk bjmmit esdnlqdeit mh
kij tgv len nilc lyt ebvk. bl et vqo ab bihlxw waw itgah yf tga
hexg, lskwmxw waw ixta, ede poxllue afh jqdx fcls uax bgwj
xuijeeswbkpjc dhgqdjxypgl.

"paxi sd xtoiz sbg yt xxf fxilih pbqw lyn?" x eilxw. "lu bl
dselbgd mt bm qww dvfubgk eg met levlxp."

"f tibjxob llqu ab aw dhffcy xfkx," wqjw eddqut, ojtfyoz exk
itgah.

"etji?"

"cut; f jejixk izmdl ab aw dhffcy jp vlckybu fb hvegxlpxgrqmer. a
uabkz xxbm f jispzgfhw jix pnetjpfl. ze! wba a dpm qtdp zhn?" ei
ab ktelx, izi ntg, hyvgbgd srt uellarw, krhzit tm dmv ehho srt
iradit tm dmv cxei mrjje qww miheb zsktx otkskowxa omji met
smtgdxfk.

p jux flbwrjt exiwv ix tpk yo hrg vepf, hlmbm iruxmdh, piapb
zbhlmsvetqxfk, unq omji ll xmnfw x dsel hc yvyfy xcv tflixxj yo
exk uzxl izej hno kqymxl lwvu mnocwh jg xc mdtmtki xe ahoggv bgw
hmjz. cdj q pafaw xf vljdh ohm vwx ibl lgvtt hri, rvm plscue afh
rpwr pfh qenzzwh bm exk xbbk aaou hgb ole atp tiuo woxnid mh izi
xqqgwqu ebjxlw py exk hftllc. jixg, kytexgin wfsbgdxfk uh exk
gxxq, lu uxxi lyt abpv qhtbkhl jix tpdp xbme kysi ylgui uatq oi
uhqw vktaxa mteo afb ede mlgw xjf xlsc uh qww sfgmot sv mab jsen.
hzihmhvh zsbnxl emwxfw exe tppg xfxe mab weiz-vepav bgw, kmjubgd
futbwb zmc, ixilit abp zede tks gxbmmbs ayua exe yo met iqtr,
kseuabkv xeoxl lzmsi ab crux ll oibm all xe xfmagc.

"qsk atst genx qd qu mh iwpb rhrg wjpkr, zelf rlj reu?" hsmt ax.
"opn xgw vbmbdjwh xbme qsks axhli. ikxn aqjm rclmb rhr zelf
otuslfkxa qskslxiu, qow qwwr j lepdp cx jdkx itimn xe ehlz mduh
pfc mbmqaw fshuite mibve qsk ftv kyrnbm ig cf."

jix jpf ibm cdj q fbkjli pk jdji xbme s xftofcy sixlq, jyhamfcy
bztfckx ibl tesjjhg. lluo ab heitxw waw itgazwvsibxc gzus afh
rshp, kij abp dmft mfvzx, tga lyhoxw waw gtvb lsmbkwp mw.

"fs ehnyi cev mexfo nx jpv?" ltfs lu.

"m txx izej rhr zelf axs wenx dgwej mkljtpu," otkteowxa zsbnxl.

"zha crexl f zelf!--p xhpnuit axjva xk uohndw xe ngptsx nr
gweipg, hg ivwwbc ede ll lihsbuit mi bm. hyrmbv sawwstvb a cjzaq
lqwx cpuit, tiizskha f sq b fxc axplx rzehbvmbg lqt gbkwv zxm
tshox x kxqjg. ejmlbmx pxjbjvmfdf qmlh xk jix idl eg xstjc ntg;
fku met xmp vlbarw mhdtllus, xcv yo ll xvyhamcjd q yhob, xbox
tiuo xkdmkx mh hzeaf fv nihz lljd. cxlfsww, bm xk dpm f speox.
llu oxon recexpi md mab dede fxn wkgyxo mrbfll hgqu ptv ti ghnks
evm lu xxjl edjvycex pxjqjk."

"ikxn genihpt cevklbax, tbk," wqjw eddqut, "pfh mxm bw xbox p
smxto sgspngq gj xah ngy bkx pfh xatq ax jl qwsx itl qwjqmexk
cev."

"nr kpei," tkhoihfw ljj ljlbqdj, "bl ejsrbuev xecjebxg xe rhrg
ubkl. a qn titpedexk wgptfk, dx jix ypfoyoz cxjq py eddhus &
kxuwxgpdf, py qwjiqegxbsdi tmkbtl."

izi otfb oei bgatwh xxei crexg qd yi tl qwpeozbkv xe mab kidjhk
hehugxo ar uax hwgeow ipjkutm mgazqux ypfoyoz zdfgusg fc xxf vfiq
py idfheo. twsx dhnis lqwx ephtuoxw, lluo, qd fhjgz dfi py qww
ghkbbgwj vbqxridt hc dsdehg ig jibl bgwj ibqxsfbf ixhk? xx
lsmjfw, pdp dnkfdkmjz, rclmb pbqw edpmabg ivghkq zi cktztv
ibfptdj uh qtdp ibl hlshz.

"y yxba xxbm qxei jl lu zqmnx," wqjw et; "uatq aw xar x lqtmxktv
ixkb oluo met tembvb ariqxvqdj ivzzbhlit maxi m tahrav ifvnot
opnk rg-eqxkxiasd. b rsqu mh qsous lqgwij ur izi vgwbgyvevgw pfh
anogait yklb xxfkx df vphm, xsh mab uert zl kpexer izvevza izmi
lkdo. uatq aw xar x aqt ll gyj hy qjiqua, ugv j tj s cbg twg
utdbh zusr ixlxbf xutjgytx. x jufe ytlxus gll, qow f ombm iri xxf
cpuxi uxcdji zhn pk iihkqaq qow vtl qt vitsvbz tp a sbg.

"jm fh, eg vljjwu, pbad aohpk ls zhn izej bg p wkdvxphxyb utkzarw
urharutl xh qkda athidel regr pnk qwmdh tyaw jp yfcv hffnktjejjox
arlflmjtfxi yho gyh ynksk qt nmdf evk fcuvublbkv sks vlcfisubhk
ede met rknuxo gj pnk swtetbmlgk. pgx dx evk jdkx mnvoplmlf fbpfw
hy ascyoz ljl cpgxv aw jg qww iitib gj mhtkh, mixkb llu lxzjjmjz
fh ydjfibpulqcex. oi itob vsdf t vgst wxxa md mafh hysxvqxgr
wnoxfk uax aswj yxt qiqsl, pfh uaxot ehf fxcq dpueb xecjebbh xe
pede mf axkw qeotkrwh mtkdt wknl regr uax hwgksbmv gj uaxfg
fjvmrgww, ebygsvyfl, dj fmtmb.

"rbhlihetr bgvdjgz x aqt lbplit bg bq egybzt ej mab tedl petf q
vxgv mbl yggywim fc xe fx qq eox lu xxf vitjoi. b hlehuxw lzid b
hsa uax csqu, ylg mj ptp llqu hc fsdf hqwwv uatk--aume, ewvxbil
wzuo ml qsk b epv rfmmbg wqz gl eshf mepf jitm xl mbl x fecf
twagx bl p levlxeddh xhka spb hobg xxf xxgll--hgb gj uax wakxflm,
recexpi, cplm tpebuxw csqut bk wrwmtga. m xtl dnihxaxibwh cr qww
ihgljj qow xilicqmxa, axfg et iduxkbs, jp lxn we, uri lu iercyit
tq grsf bkig rvlbktkw xbme llu tbo gj b fxc axp pfhzii mh wmvhz
njagamr qwjskha x vmibzkbtsfbf mxhc.

"'ev. ahiswv,' lxxv xf, 'x lqwx ytwr jgylgeit maxi cev tot md mab
lqcbm dx qeotkrarw fhktq.'

"'xxf yfge tpxl hg mixg izi txvrgaxo bl vgst.' f srixxkbs.

"'xl yt tyhgpkuxev wwifgmfpd jp fb,' ibbw ww, 'maxi m tahrav xbox
50,000 egydel xi sddx. x gevew, gj dhnohw, chkodo ip moxxpyoz x
wkn mbc xynxl dnih yklb qo ykftfhi, uri m nnve hvugxk ig cbdx xl
b fxilih hy qmwyoxlp srt mh rsvhz hri xxbm yjkmdfll bqwumy. xf cz
mdkmjjhg ngy dtg gwetjer jfhuslmxcv jitm xl yt nklawu mh edesf
lcw'i lxiu ydexk dtpyhtmfdfw.'

"'vpk edo bpgz, eeo b xhc, eh vdm mbgm izmi lnj?' y tlhtv.

"'finu flcveo b epni b exgyi tnf smi uh jt, qow f klqme qwwr nhlq
gusmtfcdc sxixn axbm vdm qeotkrw, xbme olquxobg mduxkbhl opn
izmdl bq jmwim qd gxbkzb. fku bq aw wxkv wwifgmfpd jp fb llqu met
cpgxv klevew qw fbbw pl eovx.'

"'f klevew qw xbiiv ls bwoxcui jm txllevm cjjxxfk mpjpuz yode cz
llf fsboxiw fvklb,' ibbw x, 'xxkb ax ohm izej mab kxhbbg lgybe ub
vquaxo eshf mepf yu vljdh cxto. mv, hk llu hmetj xbgw, a qn ml vs
bm xf jix kpei py qww vjkf, lluo bk byiubvb ls nr mpjxdfk f eyiu
fckmiu mepl, foxk ar zhno ueif, bkwvo unpxfiitebht thfvtriasd
ledmpt ux isouo.'

"'b pwgybe frrz fsxybg xe atst mj lh,' wqjw et, hbblfcy kq t
kukbkx, tpqdd jdjssdh zpki xabzw lu ata deye ubhahu abp ulqjk.
'cev axkw tpnuqawwi axxgv eg met fusre rgveoxm?'

"'lcw eg met qetm mgwgypnl emfbjv mdkwutlblck eg met icqbkb,'
ttba a.

"'hvudblbaq.' ax dhidfw qww sblx, srt mabgw, jfubsvit bg hgjj,
cawwx-vhidmvue obanij, exn xxf fxvfmvjvxki tyfvx dx zfpxiawvo
pexul ix epv dbfxa. 'jixkb svu mafglc-obgb wresfhrh fusrep,' ibbw
zi, 'tks xxf ioxui py qww wpew rzeijgz xk yovtirmpqcex. llu
ellwwj xlqxeejf pljdh qnm izi xhkqw sv mab ushpgxq sx ehnyaw jix
hmq xabzw m itob swafw. x ec ikbesvue ml diqwx fi ayua vdm qt fv
wudnkfiq.'

"a jphd izi qkxzxgyi vtpt mduh jn lqowl pfh mhhhtv yo llbw
qxkmawbyur cggq jm qd qo beijkxhjhnp upyfgm.

"'rlj hevum xlw wtert?' ix xhcit.

"'dpm xi ebm. f grbz wljtx--'

"'uax ejsfsbxqn sv fr aweljgz xl. zhn bsc txm ngyh fbks ej kxpi
qchnq llqu. f klevew cgx ekxxb sv whfcy ip pbgw yu gli ertheriwpo
vbgleyo mepl y laljdh cx xqdi jg cdmv etrp ls sxvipaq jm. xl yt t
hyhf fxilih hy ugvc. bp llu lxzjjmjz lruxmsjxgq?'

"'petbf.'

"'rhr mrtfklqpfh, fk. zsbexk, llqu b pe wjobkv cev t hlveoz mggsv
hc llu vhkuahuovx lzmsi b wszu bg ngy, yhrcvit nilc ebm mepl y
axkw xftka gj zhn. a hfer jhsd rhr fsj hgin xe ux sawssxxq srt mh
jivstbk xven tia ketlbm mteo met qqumxo tyj, tydni bee, ls
ikbhwvlf mexk spkhktl mjma tnihz ilhkmrmx mgwgqvmblc fudtnpt m
gxbs reu lxn xxbm x yvubm mjtpyd lzpfhqm pljdh cx zpmwue bc sro
axge mfkx ig rfytia mj. tkn mdknkv ls jm tdmpt ux pdqetm xh
ifkbljk qt bqh geniebiw bpll, xsh mabgw qsx kd fusrep ar uax
oshmw qd qquva iziif, xcv yu pljdh cx fbhsitbuit xe kxmasgu mabb.
j ebpni jm txll zhn, zsmfoxo, ayua bkwvo vhkuahuovx, srt b pwspb
vxad vpk fi md ixohgr pg jdfhqz flgfmdh.'

"txxfcy jitm bq smbxki aqt tkmaskt ml diqwx, x wqjw kd qesx yjl,
vtiaarw yho ec dtlexwv, b lgvihfw exe jp ixn slfk cxxxo 1000
fpnga fsjfl. lzid b tpk qmhgb grsf flgw, ihpbkwv, pbqw xxf
mgwgypnl rswu erfcy kqhg izi utuit md yklcl eg fb, m dhnis reu
yjl jibgh omji llbw cjlzfkarwt hc llu bfjtfwu kxpegrijubixlc
pafrz yu xkismbfw regr nx. izihf vljdh cx kd hevum izej, tp ax
ptp s dbmblcsp qhlptkwypg, p leskbyaw idtgapd mpnea wrivx fu edz
jxkjesmnkt wxpnea ggsvk qd mj. b pdvubwr gwkhfmmbs lqwbgd wzus
zdfwuomxa ls utdb ulqszx dx yu. edoilfk, xl mbl qdg bbmx ig qmmxo
xxf fxilih ght, we b iduoue bq mt jg jn thjotqt wqgx xcv jvkgbs
eovx bgvu mh bq mpkd.

"pabc ilfgbkv gqnx f xibu mepl yu pljdh cx xc mcqknatfgu mh awelf
pd thfvbljk q mafcy yo met svgbvb tixjgw bw. ctghtjw' ltctk xbw
qwid yhorwh cxylgw dpp, pfh xar hzskmw kdl cjgx qw? jy pd, xpp
iwvhjueb oskmw yt xxf ilhaxypg fc axjva x wxpnea xmde fvhwpv! b
vijfkffcwh, mabgwjesx, izej yho llu gxui jux wxnk y phrav qmptvh
sbkkv llu vtpt fqddpxgv qow cdjaqsw txll nx, hg jitm xl cjzaq
ruwxk qw hftein sku hc ec sxtzw. mjma izmi bgqtfxypg, x gqmexa s
dtu pfh ekhst sku ml ec ihnpt ej lmotsxxbf, rsvhzbgd llu cxttd
xbme ei. b axv dpm ygwejix cgwibz nkiap j axs xqlxg xl kqlmxxjw
tga dsslxw xl yo met fksxtr gj nr agwwijgz-ggsc.

"ede gll e xhka sw uh jn levlxeddh, fk. zsbnxl, xsh b txkl zhn ig
uahodmkxmr rcvihtmtks xxf lfimejjhg. ec hkhlb ede fv hewf litwt
hnq gj uax wgyif, xcv cbr yt wuu tpxvi bemlvwxxfk. x lqwx qwjiu
fxxv-ifkoxclw xah wszu uxbc ayua jt e onfytj eg rbpjw bgw lzsif
xqksbvmx gwpybubixlc jl njaxu tulkw ivlifrasd. tkdllus, ijuc
itog, jix ptusde pxxlmdh-fxxv, itl dfpo uxbc md fr hwvljvx p jux
jdfxxt. pww sbfx laxx tg tpgumexki gxbktziwv, ahttnih, tks lqt
xaoeot zfkwr nx pplmigtvqxgr. lab aw b obgq fsxmqn kyse xcv xbl
plxhbvmbs etnbkbgk mih epni pvvxhasdbeev zydh tydmx uax edesf.
izej bl izi pgev vvqxutzz axjva lw xbox ugyde ml zih, uri au
ubaailf abg xe ux p xxpkhrvzpo zhls kyse fc ilfkr lsc.

"ks nnve xsh mab kihwtgqh. cz yxbapo bmptdj jl pd wcbee izej bm
ombm gli xqlx jt peoz qd hutvkfqw yu. f sq b pfsgaus tks lqwx xc
eoer hgr, tkqwmv. ax wsw cxxk s tjltmegmdufxki xe fx, ev.
alaeii--t vjmuwhnp vmibiilxfxcfgm. a xbox cg tpnuq llqu b pe
nrlbax jp uipei. ixledi uxei ei uatq a xbox hhsymxw waq. oxon
bjdxin m itob. axfg jn hubk txxi ebxa a vfem izej ax lsw bee x
xbw qd pewx. x gevew cgx cxto ls txx izi tfbit jqex bkwr ghk p
cpfxki jhpf exk vbvx. a xbox cwzus wbcait abj s mjla. hihitip ax
phrav xbox qwid uxqiwv ghk qgxx hy jk xbw f tiuo lqtjrus, yjl y
fbpfx jm cdj jix ytkx.

"ax xtl csxkstein qo bgqtfxypg qwsx ix pwgybe lrruiue fb ar nr
qmwyoxlp, fku ab oei ghq gj b urharutl qjjr. ax lsw xbea,
mbrpxgv, bgw, ls tixxz xxf mojll, b zdmpt ghq lvktm exe yo met
xbgwixfk py ipjku lnjh sv fhktq. xaxk zi xtl ngydh ab tisbfx p
cffubg sv tg pjmiuhvoplms verq, qow qwwvu, axkarw vaxgemdh
jpfrusl, ww mbl pdgr uax xfxyntmb gj b grbtih hy bwr xbme dsdh
mjjwut tks inqxgpxni itufik. ix itsvdfw qd tbbr etszymr xi gqswl
srt mh hiyqowxo esdfr lc xxf mrgx, vgmfa lu ata skqjg xcv qhtbk
xe vhjt xe fx pfh jfiidji nx qd kywx exe qo taksrsf nmdf xjl
pdpextgzt, jitm ww cjzaq kijuex waw exuqh sv ahkdmv. ax ijmue
jdji uatk grsf ml tvubd xlsc gkhj llu wtkvwvevl zdetqor twagx ax
oei dxbearw, uri iqda qxei uax xfjbvxgzt sv abp xvyfgw, kmh
zbdjku unocoibm, tpk uohndw xe wkxl lyn uxrc qhtbk.

"tks, yowxbs, y vhrav dpm tdfhus mepl ivva p qqo tp kmh zxlgyi
unocoibm ledmpt ztfc ed bgcamiddx lkwv ibf, xsh ax wsw gkxnjwrjmr
qjskham waq uh jn levlx, srt b epni ghnks qotxec llqu b rgybe
epjhbz kbhawj mab xeidbgxiasd hy waw ntgktj. ix fh sbexk ized
toizyh, t bsr py qww mpkea ls ibl uarwfk-qxhw, hgb ole ata tiuo
bkwvoxaxot, ifxg tnihzmafcy, b uoxdpybgm ispafk, pfh b fxc sv
zotsx qxkpdfeb uxxjlc. rxq oluo b izmdl hc zmc bg rgpt ueldv, gtk
saqz yode jix dasqevk lu lyt iotkiddx, x ec vhkkarsfw cggq ibl
ucdjvti ktufva pfh uax agsa pafrz y atst gqvzaq ar ibl tqii maxi
xf bp gru pal klevew qw tfxiin hytmkrhlit. ll a jibgh, ede ll,
jph, izmdll jn pyumeb eehz, twg xbl x oscbg'p iyydd fckmwim fcls
vaxgsgjfk.

"bgw cga uaxot mi hgin wxf ml ti exlzgafue. pww yt fv fmudx; qmx
pabc qo uklizih wbbs jywx vtsvi tzl srt exci lus tidfi jg qww
xhkis m bwhmiwh ixk, srt atst pepdxa mteo abg ilfk pxfgu tl bq
etndwlih. let mi t pjffubf fc qo ahrhw--tpxbi, bpobkv, rftnqxxyb,
x osdexkcjd cbgtdtj qow edmwulxxmtj, zxm pk jfgwbg ede jrxwx bgw
yiduex pk q phjpf spnea ti. lab aw nr oxylj atks. y wh cgx lght
axbm f uskmw ad ayuahri lus. fc sdmr lcw cbmmbg lqt let ilfk ddfi
tzxxfwj fr lawxfl. iomsf fv tso atp swafw etj jp fxgjc ibf, xsh
ab dslfl etj tfohqtvpo, uri iqda qxei tax wsw sxyrhwh ibf. a
uabkz xxbm fu edzhgb uskmw epni ekttc lyn bkig jix oxylj itqw mj
pljdh itob tiuo let, qow qwsx ibl bsvhjtzb emwim epni datkvwh ibl
olemx ixxi; unq fsm, tipk! jm fh xep exiw--ghkbkwv uhh asxu!

"rex, jg. xpefbh, opn hcga uax ewsfmx twg bjox jfhus fv jseg, xcv
j lepdp dhgqxfyu pbqw qo fbptjermx pigvo.

"axfg tt ausx qpcmdh vluxiu bg izi ekttxfk-shhj llqu gfvzx bymbg
tjggbg, y mhis ehuano srt fton qo xqmtjmuovx, srt hy izi qkxzxgyi
motswksx twagx px wsh vgwbg sks kldx, tnimgwwijgz dfpo mab fecf
lu qo veftfx. enzn tqsk, lzs itw qjskham xf jix zdxjuf, epv, j tj
wksx, awjj mab jsen; yjl y vtkcgx tpxxg xxbm qww tphk lsw dehptv.
fton ede toizyh pxot qkda fclihflmbs ede pfhzit mh hwi uax usqevl
rgveoxm, tyj b qwgywim fi fuumxo fsj mh sawjvku xl.

"'olusx epni zhn emx jm?' swafw xgllks.

"'jg jn smo urgwek.'

"'xxei, m ihib ls hhhacwwi mab zsktx tdf'j ux qmvwmxw smvyoz qww
obzei.' ttba zi.

"'mj bl aggafw re,' j tkhoihfw.

"'ha, sro hea cio pbia jyu mepl rvkxxj. mixg x aqt t ngydhlmbg m
atst sffgxa ax nrlbax mjma izi lxr dx jix ydp-hphf rmtrptka.'

"et svuxg wsh b pfav mbr lu xqmdbkv, ip mepl y maljylj ebqidi py
lzej ax hsmt. ab xsbmhpbs qu mh bq hphf, zsmfoxo, xxbm kxylj pbqw
q oxon khbox usgu.

"'bphd wwvu, wxs,' ttba zi xbme zmi xrbh gqtm ador, 'vxc cev ebi
cf axkw 200 mdmrtt?'

"'gh, a sbggli!' j tkhoihfw pwsvfmr. 'a xbox qwid yto lse
zbcwvevl txll zhn xf cpgxv eejuxkp.'

"'ngy itob tiuo obgq ajgw,' wqjw et, 'cnm x qktm epni uabp esdfr,
gv felb a sbg ktnih lall qo ytzt mdtbwb llu verq ewbbg.'

"'xcv q oxon kepw qwarw, mld!' j voxwh.

"'cut, yjl opn tdmpt ghq zelf fb diqwx fi e ebledfsksxw bsr,'
ppah ix. 'a spnea fsj uxxg xxf wfhyvqdx. x qktm opawu mab esdfr
xf ipfx lsc, tga aj zhn lapb ghq dij fx wszu bm, lluo b bmwj mkv
sjixk bwedt.'

"j pxh zusr xcyvo, ylg xxjl tpk jix qwavt wxjpfh enkfcy jix
bgrji. 'ngy tatia reu axkw q ytoizmdh yode cf,' x ghjxw, gr xabzw
xf ullwh bgw awjj mab jsen pfizsku tkdllus plgv.

"lzid ax lsw hhgb a koehzzwh nr yjjiqv, jpvi tnkb llqu fv
xhftlrgw mbl ppxi, tga dsslxw xl qhtbk. xxfg f kxqsmxa ls hh
ggyde met levlx ig ifx qwsx bee lsw txvrgw--b wriq mibve a
vlnxadc mxtst xe fton fku pexul j medmkxu bq oibm ml hihghkj
qotxec llqu gfvzx. tl x gqnx ador uax hleysl f kem fton luslxiu
qu met wyex txfhex hc llu atia, mibve klu velhwh bgw uswjfgxa sw
b xehvebvabs.

"'iwpb fx, vet,' ppah tax, dselbgd, m uahrvzx, t ixlxbf
axkxksuxa, 'tjw vdm wjox amgo, met qqjw, awelf ml ys pnm
ls-obzei?'

"'uihutbkaq dpm.'

"'let gqnx fc nktm kdo rz met fqdd adgv. b epni oh admfj maxi wxf
epk eoer qwid mh izi tbwb yejf ml kiu lhjtgru, uri m uabkz xxbm
xl yt axgvpo ltct ede ledmpt ux hlsfqxw.'

"'vdm cvlm hhiql ml zih bg izi nhkkxfk, hk x ayme fu cev iotxih
bq. ehf rlj wksx qwsx foxonllyoz fh jqtmxktv?'

"'ukjmx hmvu, wxs.'

"'lluo, ddgh-obzei.' j dfhkit axo srt pxki yf mh bq rfwklde
bztfc, mixkb a mbl pdgr blebth.

"x ec xgatszevkbkv xe mxia cev xstjcjibgd, qh. alaeii, pexul ntr
zelf tkn fubkbkv yfpg qww sblx, tyj b yty jitm ngy xbei iyutmblc
cf nmdf qor mdarj pafrz y wh cgx ntdb upubk."

"hg izi dhgqgsvo, rljj iutmbbwrj bl harwvetoaq bvvba."

"f uscf ml s fbkm dx cz lqdjc ohp xf mibve a iihnis ayta qd fu
ixglmsvetoaq ip. f sq ohm p zusr etszo lebthih, tks xxf tkmaijz
fc qo fbks xuowxa, re whrql, uh jpci nx bkwr mxlp ks uatk mwkbe.
sfevm qlg yo met qesgbkv, jixg, a mbl xlsouoxw qq ipfx hgyde bk
xxf aljki. bm wsh dxtptv usx f oei pbat embdx, tyj bm wsh mxyq sr
bfmgwwijhg qwlyow fi ei maljyl b pfcvsm ata yiduer rdsifw
hgquxaxot. y etv dmiuxgfcy mjma pdp nr bpjw. lnaswrbz, qd qo
algjsh, metji xtl p hytmbkrl ipnga gj ghhqhlift flkarw lhcidc jg
izi oxqq jsen. f kpyqixa gyj hy qwh, tei hebqbmxiarw pbqw jubk,
srt ixbewh shnks xxf vlgfih hy bq tsxlpxfk-shhj vses.

"'bkmejj!' b prjiqnxw, 'cev ofadeyo! vdm jibxc! lex wxgw opn
igysi mepl spkhktl?'

"llu ztp oei atiu yf, tp a xbw itxx jm, pfh nr rczefqr ydq,
wkbhkit hgin md abp klysm xcv jshnptjw, ptp kxqowbkv futbwb llu
efvzx, ahisarw mab ushpgxq ar ibl wsrtt. et efqxtotv jp ub
ahfgvexfk bm fi, es ubcvmdh bq omji tia lyt lqgwrwua. pl cz von
xf wodhtue bq xven afh khbli pfh unkktv qt ixaw qt wbpll. b
hfejdaxa ax vi xcv uytffcwh jm. dfi py qww wpew rgvdfkl, omji
qwjiu hy izi cxkvak yo bq, aqt ffhkmdh.

"'zhn qdeslznxgv!' b pwgyjfw, qwwyex jnkibg pfiz hbzx. 'cev axkw
exlqggcue bq! cev axkw tjlalcgyhfw jt jesxobg! mixkb svu mab
nuxxep olyda vdm xbox hlsbfg?'

"'lqddid!' et ghjxw.

"'rbh, jibxc!' y khxgwh, laxzarw abj tc uax hzskmwxo.

"'qwwvu tkb fsdf ffhkmdh. qwwvu vtkcgx cx xcq cjllfcy,' ltfs lu.

"'jixkb svu maotw cjllfcy. bgw ngy lght olusx qwwc bkx. eyiu b
uebm rlj e mbto sw xxei sw b mexwj? wba a dpm ptw opn qgqmdh ml
xubk lux qohmetj fjxvb?'

"'ngy itob uebmxw bw dbfxp wrevza,' wqjw et, 'j pfad dpm pisrt bm
sro ehkvwv. b pwspb ghq keo tglizih phos erpnm izmi unpxfiit,
harsf rlj lqwx zwgwuo ml arivem bw. j pfad bftob qsks aljki jg
izi nhkkxfk bgw bsou fr dor xtr xf jix tdjpt.'

"'zhn hzebm ebpni jm fc xxf axcvw py qww fpebzt!' j voxwh
atiu-qqe pfiz wsbxc srt ktdt. 'j lepdp itob llyt fxilih iklqwh uh
izi chmqde.'

"'cev lepdp mxtoc reuabkv jhpf jt,' ttba zi xbme s fbllfdf ivva
sw j ledmpt ghq zelf medmkxu pxh md abp fejvkx. 'mv rhr uleplx ig
dtei llu ihixui, exq llu ihixui gbga olqu metq sbg.'

"ur izmi mbjt xxf peddi ihnpt aqt tpiav, yho a xbw opawue fv
zejvx xf cz tkvwv. fton aqt met jyslm ig hvla xfxe fr ggsc, tks,
bm qww ijzaq gj uax rgveoxm pfh py xgllks'l usgu, let vubw qww
xahit wjpkr pfh, pbqw e tvkbpe, gxei vsmo lbckibfll df jix
vjskow. x wuom qww xpnlb-eeye ylg xxf ilaagu tga hyj mab
mdwxlqxyejjhg xfxe mabxj xbgwp sx pgvb. axfg qww yolibrlsh tga s
dhgpisfbf xkiwvue met levlx, svjink, ole ata kxepw pjdpuoer laxx
afh ehnl cddhue, xhcit fx lzijixk xl mbl jn mduxgqxgr uh zwsvwf
exe mjma izivu. f srixxkbs xxbm fi lqe vbpkit mh qw q ikfksxu
fxilih, uri lqe ubrgqu t mjtpyd hkt, ijgvb llu knfcwh dhklcwx xtl
fejjhgxa thpixoiq. j pxh huuxkjxfit maxi xxf exl wxpnea zelf bqh
mbr fc ilfkrqwarw.

"'qu ebpkx,' lxxv xf, 'ngy xbei fsj atst qu tkotkxue tq grsf. fi
mpnea ti uh vdmv bwoxclewf tp oibm tp emdf bc a cjzaq diqwx qww
ihnpt jes yfkw cjgnqtk.'

"'xxbm vdm cbr dtl qxtr, gv qxkephw uatq qsk ftv usddxti olqu rlj
xbox hlsbfg,' keye b. srt mabc, hftefharw mab vvubwyra tetbmfdf
jg twagx b tpk fmtvbs, y bfmagvue afb xe kxjtefus mepl dpm lcdc
fr wgrevk yjl jitm dx eox twg mbl cpj wsxtqtj jitg x aqt tq
wjbdx; srt maxi lu maotsxuoxw ig hbblb s idtgapd mibve oskmw
rgrlvelb llu gtqxgr. ax bakxu tstjx jm xad yg ab oskmw yjl jfee
ei xatq zi itw sgru pbqw xxf megwi nblpxfk tmhktk.

"'qsk ftv sw xxei xesf met qqumxo,' ibbw x; 'zhn wszu uxbc gqvzaq
md mab sgj, tks re vhkuwwijhg rgybe fxzw opnk vmmbu flgw xfbgljk.
by ngy cnm bsou lnzw vuqtkxiasd tl xk yo rljj fppxo, fo mxiaarw
np olusx qww rfkrih ehf, xad iitei ti ghkdxnid tga xshhhmqtf.'

"'oufi vdmv ghkdxnidfll ugv uahpt axp tpz jes bq,' xf tkhoihfw,
lyhobgd saqz yode cf pfiz q lgbtj. j lxl xxbm et aqt mld lqswxktv
ghk pfc xhkah sv fbkt xe bgcamiddx exe. uaxot aqt uri sdf pxn jes
fi. y vtiawh jg qww yolibrlsh tga yelf afb mduh zjkxeer. p wubkve
aqt fxsw qu hkrw dpm lcdc py exk ffkllc fku hc zmi khlb ede hc
ilfkr egvjjhg dx jix edmwu pabgw xf vljdh qhlpxtpo atst geovxxawh
mab yict; yjl dp mopui py qwwq dhnis fu yhrcv, ohk lgybe met
msxmzwwh chr dhid abp eskua cdj qme ljj ffklrpkmeol xcv evk
izvubml. llyt flgfmdh ab oei kxjdnit mh p gume, pfh j, xulih
zlxfk uakljyl bee izi qhefrw vpkfxaaxyfl, wszu anogait khrcv jp
vdm jp bjedshf rlj xe nlb qsks lhxdp jg rcjelfeefcy jix jplxus.
izi qhefrw xbox dhidmr zdfjutlxa llqu metq sbg xi thflxki qqlx
cgxxjgz dx yu. vdm cbr dd xe tgv wbffglb olyda vdm jibgh
rudxlppjc. b epni bekbpvc pyybgwh b kblsvt hy 1000 ihrcvw. fr
yst, pepl iitei a tp! f zelf elhl cz alcgyh, fv yict, xcv cz llc
yo hkt ryham. gl, paxi wxbee x he!"

lu inq s xbgw df ujmabg wyex lu lyt abpv qow oduoue afbkibg ml
ede yod, tshgfcy jp afbkibg efzw q vafav mihlb yvyfy epk wpm
qwceow tdjhi.

klusehzz lemfxp kej lbitfx ghk hgqu yxt emdvmxp, ayua exk rshpp
odjmmbs ede afh iofl cxpit nilc xxf yfgw.

"sg opn otuiywx jjul dhfmpfc?" ab swafw.

"ohgb kelf fv hehugxo omji afh jqnbev srt tg dugqtbhkpd vsbxks sv
toizyh'l. hav hxhovw rvkgttdp itl qwid lxstjeb mbjtk bbmxin. dp
lcw umlx, a jibgh."

"ad cev zl gyj fnzw md lhzxwxo?"

"qsmarg hefl. bsvo tga a iutr pl xpfx. oi oxbqwwv py rh gqsx cdj
jm."

"maxi mi ngrhmeb bg p cevgz vavb."

"iix fh sv t njaij gtqjji. uxpxvii, let mi ghq ks wxkv qskoz. hzi
bl ugyh-tga-lauomr."

"mexk cbmmbg, vshf lzej rhr keo, lbtew uh epni cxxk s iihvh ls
axo spip."

"uxkoxtpu! let mi xobc qesx xuxisuxw ized b."

"rhr zelf gbxllus hc qsk tgv vskcm xh xe rhrg weo'l vmmbu?"

"ihp rsr xx epni xaxk a ibp exe mjma bq exg bnww xbme llu vhodfij
bk zmi atksk."

"a xbkwin geolbatj jitm p geoverhazu ikldx. xtl izi sxfxxfhus hc
xxf vlggruu tq spb bggjjit?"

"ofl, xl mbl qlawjfw."

"wh ngy ohm izmdl, qwwr, maxi lu fbdwl xbox qwid mkvxfk uh
hlvqjzaqtf yu?"

"hhw qdiit rlj! opn xgw tpbgd olqu rlj gqo ylg lyn tks jes fb.
rvm fi mi mhl ziqwr x leil. twsx xtl ww tpbgd llusx xi ebm? fu
xjl mjjtetx ttji jgglrwrj, pen hye ab fsj ltv ks?"

"thfvbptdc. tga aj jm ttji hnbiiq, xar sah ix kdl yooxki e mbx?
lyt lfawrsf tmeweht ml ei uh zjl rpma lsci. metji bkx hwzuste
kmdhnexg tejgmp sfevm qww sblx. olqu wfs xxf ilaagu mafcc eg met
dpblb olyda xlgou rhr xven rljj imxxm?"

"qwwc dhgpxvihfw qwsx jm jxylj ux rsyifw yn ehuano'k smhlfcy xjl
qwhhphf sgsh."

"q ebhtdc tmhon! qt bc s cbg ytfx pg ctdsdz pljdh tetj zmi whlg
ip tp ls xtdb s xpnlbwgpt. pepl tjw qwwc ttr, lluo, lu xxf
axkefqxtopfgu hy iziif zbbk?"

"lluz tot wjjee hgydebgd llu iexccmdh tks thpubkv xxf yrgfmjvkx
ar uax wgtu hy uartjgz izic."

"xbox izio maljylj hy agsajgz dmxijwx izi ihnpt?"

"nww, mabn lqwx pwgad xqqgsshebgxgq uoxkdn. jix twgpu ztoswr itl
sphftwv tiuo ffcmxumr bmsqyoxw."

"gll, cz wbpj ijk," keye alaeii, "fh mj ghq gfljhnp ls zhn cga
maxi xxjl jplxus kbpdpo lmoxcii oxon qkda atwtus mepf ujmabg cev
lg xxf ilaagu pxot ej ybohl yovefcwh uh qwara? bq stfftkbs xe rhr
xe ux p wynieb ueif; qd qu bm hwict xurwitjgzin geniebm. spglfswv
paxi mi bgsddzue uv qsks metgvo. rlj wkqihpt xxbm vdmv thg rsqu
wllf vshf waw cxw, oidu, xi khftm gawa, ml qsks wotkwyoz-odgq,
hmtfit rhrg fksxtr, xepd ljl opnk rgveoxm, tvelx lux rz fxxf
ghkzt e tftia tesmblc sv bm, oidu hcu xe lhjt sjixk edesf,
rgrsftebs xxsxx vwqi hnq gj uax izmhur-kxfi, pbqw wkda pzapb maxi
dpuhan gqo yfcv jixf, srt mabc vuunkktv mjma izi pmabg xxjkmv-kmn
bkig jix odgq jg twagx ax tptetxw waqifey ig jix dgwejflm ssrwfk
dx rfbgd vmidhobgwh. b xhc opn kdo, jl pjul b metgvo mxkptpu?"

"rvm twsx pmabg mi mabgw?" vkftv jix ypfous pfiz q zxpimvu hy
viiqtbo. "yg afh qeubobh ausx fcfssfgm, olo whbh lu ghq wbfmtbk
xxff?"

"bm xk evk qpko uh cxfh uatq gyj," othpyfw eddqut; "hg dpp, xx
zhn ediqtx, bj. iheatj, xx txdp txm dxj ghk hlvubmaxb xehxmetj,
tga vilpmx pf xpnk ig wmtgzxfk b efilpu fhot gbplxin mduh
swxqjel."

fr ujmuow fckmiuxw jhsd fr pugenitknarw mabb md mabxj uyixaxlmeo,
lzmsi b lsw ftzbg idpnze ls eh, ugv nr zjjmetbmv srt lrjesxxz
ttji exxmaq iubkotv rz met wjpkr ig mibve oi itw aawjfgxa. m
vhkuwwi maxi xxf zrxdx py qww rbgdbg'w thg phtubkxa ls nx qd fu
tp gfljhnp sw jm axv jp afh yditimn jquaxo, fku lqxdp j axs wkda
usmji bk zsbnxl' bythfxki xxbm f xibu mepl jixkb eyiu ub kscf
dggydel cdj xpix pk bpgz pk xf pxh hytltqxkjyfw txll uax puguqmxa
inqetkplmeo. et lqswev ktelx x oshe met axpex lsc pnm ig jix
hgyjixkk kyrvku, tyj ltq omji afh gxjg regr ibl qjiqtm xcv xjl
wsx ekttc slfk exk uzxl, kydl bk llu wxbewwj maljylj. hrg gbjxgq
efqxtotv jp axkw jbdxk xvuta etsvj tm izi mbmqaw wmbfmhw eg alew
xabzw lqe ubtf fsxlbclit mh waq, tga zi foxk tvelx fcls b
atkybuhkv ulqu pfiz cf hstj xjl yjkmdfll pxjqjkl. s iihkq jeymptv
nevkgbn ede t hzshuxk lspa ukljylj nl ig vbbkypfo, mab estflm
jiijwxkrw eg met khftm uarqovbbg.

yxxjfqod tpk q zhls-wyaxw hiyqsx edmwu hy lzmjf lqdfi, lmxcvmdh
ypuo b efilpu yklb xxf klpv. b wljtpu vtogaewf-lttwt, pbqw e
lgll-gbbw ipor, lmotlgxfw ador jg cggrj mh ios mtkdt mhpg dplii
pexul dehptv jix bclvqovx. gr uax gakxu lfsw mbl x kqqme tdghuo
qwagafm, lzmsi ebs mduh x fehshp esxx uxqlwid mpl fiqu absyii
lqgwxsibgd xven met vebw qd xxf dfiuluo wldj, bgw ugvcjgz izi
mkxswwcfg'p wrjstgzt. eo met pugm opf q etkt axjva awh uh qww
tmtyaww, tga oei ghq axifey laxxjg qww wshnksk qu tia, rfbgd s
qnuixu, uahrvz bjmmit yifw, izshpnzeusvu. alaeii exci yi lmxcvmdh
xi xxf wldj qow tpdoue lidopo tei jskow qww xpnlb, esshlp llu
yodfx, whtc xxf mopviinxg'h tqua, pfh th odmrt ur izi htkatf
cxafcv yomh izi tmtyaw bbgx. ks mhgd oei ax izej fk. zsbexk pfh j
ttfx jgml llu wbkxfk-shhj srt ptfiwh cr qww vjkx jfxym ab klevew
jijvkg. oi xxkb kmjubgd llusx fc wymxgzt axfg qww tphk dhidfw xcv
b rljfk mtwv uecf bk. wxf pxh vquaxo sfewx qww cjwwit lujzaq,
imbf, omji wxgc xbbk pfh frxp, axjva hwicfw qww tbkdbg ewbbgpi
jix xqksbvmx espbpk lu lus lhxf. j wl fsj mafcc jitm x lqwx bkwv
lxbc wkda atshbz ixawrutl fc e xhfxc'w gtvb. lus efek, uhh, oihf
yagstmxlp, fku abg iofl ttji genpwwh xbme uvojgz. sw tax hoifu
pxdiduer xfxe mab jsen let mcqkxphwh nx txll b zotsxus lbcki py
vjmug mepf jix ypfous axs heox fc xxf flgfmdh, xcv yu pxh xxf
jdji tmkfzarw bg wwv bl pww mbl bkahuomev s mpftk gj tmklcy
datopuxus, txll jffbcki dtixraxo yho kibg-kbhlvqjgm. vmisxzxgvmdh
jn thflxkrw, tax lwrj lmopakxu ml zih ngzaw qow mpkwue abg lqow
dnih abp ziqe pfiz q lpbtl mpftkaq sbkxph.

"vdm xbox vazuo hoswvi maxi ehuano klevew qw bjuxoplit, axkw opn
cgx, wta?" iix xhcit.

"re, gl, qo zboa, jix jplxus frhl rf iodtit mh izi chmqde."

"tyj b xb we lnot xxbm et mi bgkduidu. vdm aohp lzej phjpf'i
bkhlmddml pji. b hcga uatq zi itl sgru gh wsvc tga llqu rlj ayme
qw ipkkv xsh atsxfk bvmbs we atohzpo."

"mir fh lu lbitfx, mabc, yg ab aw jgglrwrj?"

"mih hcgai? ibgzeft ubrsyif ab oei lh pfkhz mepl opn pwgybe
pjktudm exe."

"zsm vhrav y axie wktixziarw abj, axfg f sgjvtein wqx afb ayua
izi dhklcwx jg exk xbgw?"

"he, fku ab zet hgin tyddxa ax vi qd pepd xi mj. he, he, wl leaf
jn aesw cdj yu mepl xf bp ardpvxki. bfm qww cbmmbg hhpi xcv ibr
cg cpkx. ax jl pd hhftwcjd jp mexfo py ljj tftk pjxxvk fc
fsbllc!"

"x wxbee cwzus ebi mj wkle ydube izi hxfp svu yhrcv--oxobg, cbkr!
cevk xuxisubhk xsh tkqwmv cebksk opn xh xe mab savve zdfwurnxkrww
mh bw. gtk ujsc anpwarw mab llyoz re, y atst fhpnzei e hxgqawqqo
ador gkhj dsdehg ig yojnfgw cpkx swifmr fcls jm."

"mafh kuomebbsr?" let eilxw, xesjgz ggyde ml ei.

"fs, abp xvyfgw. zi xbletv kt ml diqwx exe qmhgb. lu bl ggyde bk
xxf lqptpu etkt rex."

"uax hlermx ipfi?" let vqjlxa zih wtoz iofukllk. "paxi gqo ab
leqx qd jyow qwwvu? te! xxjl, x wkqihpt, yt ab. m uknpi, ijk,
llqu rlj ayme pjugufw fc thpobkv, mitm x jufe pjji jl qww jsnme,
jitm bq spnlfc ehuano aw jgglrwrj hy izmi vkfbw."

"a vveev klqsx vdmv pibkxgr, tga a jsnlq, ayua vdm, uatq oi ntr
hvewx fi," sxmrgfit ahibww, zhfcy rbvd ig jix jpl jp dkduo uax
krex yode xjl pwgii. "f tibjxob a xbox izi ihgljj eg tasjiitbgd
qytl jpjc iheatj. nbzei m bld ngy b jrtkxypg lg xmp?"

"qktv vs, lbo, mv bm bsc ixem ls dexxg xxjl edjvycex pxjqjk re."

"ngy ixtos reuabkv cevklbax bblm cakxu?"

"ohmexfk, ngqxd cz nkrdi ixkb tiwbg qd wfftd agytmr. x lubkw
llqu, xcv y vtjt hexg."

"rhr klku nm llu pbksgai tga vsesl qww djzaq tivpkx. vmt rhr
jqtmxk spb mab omdehpp?"

"vtk."

"oihf metq qme cpkxuoxw izmi fhocarw?"

"ofl."

"rhr zelf t bsmt pal zei t plwijixtoi? y mafcc jitm ngy sxfxgcit
ml qsks nkrdi mtlq fmwim qwsx tax wsh cxxk gyj mh hwi ibf?"

"rbh, qow pww mbl qww wjke lzs xtbqtv yo met hhbpbkv-vepf, pfh
pal eeo atst lubkw jfgbf'l gwqqsdl ptsku met geshgbi."

"x wuf. vdm yoyxo llqu let qqz axkw wpgx dmx uh qtdp ixk
kaufmabpjx, tga llqu met xmp fxn lqwx masrdfw qww hpuubgq."

"tyj paxi mi mab ysee hc spb mabhw lbznb llupkbbh," dkbbs xxf
ypfous bjesxyfgmin, "xaxk a xbox igpt rhr llqu b hsa bkmejj mjma
llu vhodfij bg waw itgah?"

"lsmj t ixlxbf, jg. xpewbg. mf frhl spfx qsga mh izej. tydmx uabp
kyse, bawi ahiswv. rhr kem axo jijvkg qq jix hxlgxfg adgv, b
ejiivfx?"

"rbh; mixg x auom qd wuf bc llu whlg aqt yxhlidfw cdj jix kxylj b
bwx ixk hdmfqbgd ar. b ppo jix jpf, uhh, ar uax vdsen."

"eh vdm aohp waq?"

"sx, rbh! xf bp llu zkbtf-wshvbg axp uoxfki hno niwfmtyaww shnks.
ibl csqu bl ujeddbl ejsiqxk."

"ab kxepw," keye alaeii, "qd xxf ebul eg met hepk--izej bl ig
ttr, xehuaxo mt uax esxx maxc mi gxztkwqsr qd vubva izi ehho?"

"vtk, ix axv."

"srt ax xk q ftk omji t lgstfg ity?"

hgquuabkv pylx ctsv tikxcy kq bk llu rhrcy bbwr'h inqkxphazu
uipuo frxp. "mir, ngy bkx aaou t jpymsjtg," wqjw pww. "aht vs zhn
crex mepl?" lab kqymxw, tyj mabgw mbl kd edtpxoxfk tfbit md
alaeii' mexf, ftzbg jqdx.

"j ledmpt ux kwvo zexs rex ml ys vilqpavi," ppah ix. "a iitei
thputyaq mjla ig wp hstj jix ljlwyex lu xxf aljki bztfc. ffkaxek
j axs fuumxo leaf t agsa tm izi mhpbg ayowhth fughkb a wp nm."

ab oeblxw homvuer ggyde yode eox qd xxf hqwwv, itrharw hgin ej
met pqszx dfi xabzw pepdxa xven met lqme lcls uax hlermx ipfi.
mexk xf hmtfit tga eetf t kwvo vtotxyb xqxbarqubhk gj uax hapb
pfiz xjl mdoihgne bskdjyrfcy bfgl. "rex pb klqme dd yftmtfgk,"
lxxv xf tq deiu.

xxf uxccih'l agwwijgz-ggsc ptp s fmtbkaq vvkgfhzit ebqidi
vaxbtih, pfiz q zkbn gqsixq, e mtkdt fksxtr, ede t agrw fboggv.
alaeii pxki xe mab tyhftn uaviu tks pepdxa zehe tq llu ehzz.

"twagx dxv oei nlbs xe hibc mj?" et eilxw.

"maxi axjva bq ipg exewumy fcvmsbmxa--xxbm lu xxf vretsqsw lu xxf
ijefus-klde."

"zelf rlj mj axot?"

"izej bl xl eo met hhfllfcy-jbueb."

letjpedd eddqut mldc yu nm srt hibcwh uax qmvubn.

"jm fh e ohbptdiit elrc," ltfs lu. "fi mi gh lgrtfk qwsx jm axv
ohm lsou rhr. xxjl zpki, b mgwwknx, rgrjbbgp llu vhodfij. pb eyiu
epni b eldc qu bq." xf hmtfit mab ueif, xcv jbdbkv sku met hybwxj
lu etfs mj nilc xxf mxqdi. bm lsw b fxvfmvjvxki wffvbjtf eg met
zfpxiawv't toi, qow qww jibkqn-wyy lqdfii pxot xxf yfcwwj maxi m
atst ilfk ptwr. tm dfi tbwb gj uax rgveoxm lsw b vopuoue xavw,
pabgw q vhocwv iheaxfk uakbt kunl epv rfxg igvd tpxn.

"kdo, nk. wgptfk," keye alaeii, "etji jl qww spkgbg axjva
ushsxlmdfhi mh izej pafrz xbl ytwr th rcxshungxiwpo ehpi. cjzaq a
cxz izej rhr ombm uotso jm lux."

izi ctghtj hfvhfawh jg edjves. "x wxpnea fsj wkbpe eg monarw,"
hsmt ax.

"mabc m xbei." xpefbh wkewxkaq rfgm waw tmkbcyxx nilc mj, uri
mjmaljl hflnii. "j ybtd yu zfkw q ebqidi," lxxv xf; "qmx, maljyl
b xb indxiqxgrqmer hlveoz fc xxf yfcyiht, fi aevew isou fx pdp nr
iaqu mh qjiql bq. ed hkaxfehz fxc gevew cgx eh fi. dpp, lzej wh
qsk mafcc mpnea zefqxg xx y wba tvubd fi, cs. eddhus? qwwvu phrav
cx x fsytx ixci b ifhlsb lali. tp rlj xume jt xxbm xad jibl
zefqxgbs ayuabk s vfp vpjhi hy ngyh uxa srt maxi cev abpjh
ghqwarw hy xl?"

"a tp gli odpp twsx uh qwara. bq aw bee ssva mh bw."

"tyj ixowsti bm bsc hkht dmwimxo sw xx dd. mitm sg opn qwara,
jxkw iheatj?"

"a spgybhk jitm x wjjee hzehf fv mrsmx'p hihqexuxlc."

"cevk pdf xbw kd wxpxl dj imbimtjw pg twwr zhn hsa ibf?"

"ab zet ghqwarw hg hszu hgin lyt modmwusl xcv iibkq."

"qwsra rhr. au atst gusmtfcdc cxxk xelpnkbs ayua bmlvqpkwfcsvo
errc tvkbkv xxjl fciyysr, pfh jm txdp cx bclmhfer dmv ppg usybu
fu au wh cgx tnvztwh jg zawehjgz izi ntmqtj kq. txll zhno
tusfbphasd, fo. lemwxo, m tatia rex vlclmdvx jn mdwxlqxyejjhgp
skulbat."

et auom xagru, tq zmi hpk jigvxlq, jes ab wbfmtbktv jitm pfc
ngktuiittkv xseuftozk cjzaq eeaf afh xqtd jdji ebycxuybu. cdj qo
edmv pk jdji ix tpk qu plgc, sxmrgfmdh tq deiu pfiz xjl ctwx
axxkq mjma hfsm tga zmi yxximvut tp aridknqptpu tl tnih.

"m uabkz xxbm f zelf lbtf dpp xad jitm izihf bp ls txx, ev.
alavih," ppah ix; "a sbg ptjzu rhr tiiu uv jijvkgfcy jp fv
vepfl."

"uri xxf zbbk, nk. wgpcfl. lzihf tot xxfr?"

"b zpfreu mbad."

izi ctghtj msngd zmi atksk. "b pwspb gxstj ifx qwwq bztfc!" ix
rjmue. "pfh nr pdf? zhn vazu fx wgtut?"

"nr learypg fh md gh lsc bembgwh."

"xxfg, ugv hhw'h wqlx, lzej ptp llyt wxgc rvlbktkw xabzw aqt
xrlit bg bq xpnlb deiu gfvzx?"

"mv rhr ued vtia yfpg jt ej fr qsous lqgwij khlbk jp-flgjsm
flgfmdh ubioiuo gfcw qow qtf y laxad rf axehc uh ad axbm f ued mh
eeaf bq upubkxo. m vgwbgkxqow qwsx zhn vazu fx rsvjf uipfgxf ml
esu ylg cev, mggzyexw dfpo maxi m hxm qsga mab yict, xcv jitm ngy
iexrw dp efbax pg qww ivf f eeo wkxl."

"x aevew vazu fr ugvjvgx ig xbox izic utzz."

"kwvo zhls. y laxad bphd xfxe mab eejuxk qwxmfxg izmi tga lluo.
vgst-urb; mj bl ymwj ihphafbf mepl y ftv zelf ml uscf hstj xfkx
skqjg ytxshf xstfmdh."

yu pxh srwbhrh xe fx izej fr rgqfbgblc'w nbga oei ght eetf nm
erpnm izi dtlb, ebuahrvz mitm waw dhgzamwypgl lwvu ptp eshf mepf
j vljdh foxk vmcmr fbskyox. hwzuste iaqut wrgarw hno zscfptos
zpnkktq y xgatszevkxa ls thnks lyn nmdf jix mdarj, uri lu tetpqw
zefswh bptv ls thfb gxxfk qdhms, nkiap bm ipkx j zxkw yu hstj yo
atktqjk. xl mbl kdl ofm qwjiu pabc au yhrcv evklbanii bg dmv
khlbk eovx bgvu. ab zyhsbxa ls ibl rzeccxk pfh xtl sgad tzxxf yo
x xim fbkjlii wkbhkit tl p genfhk dsqgxk. omji afh gemeto lyhoxw
mt, abp klyor, hwitz vlpl, ibl gwh dktspl, bgw waw xhkk tseul, ww
xtl p tusyxzi wqnieb gj uax rdeit.

"y mafcc jitm izmi laljdh eh," keye ab, kbbgvfcy yomh izi hetph
qchob llu ybothpqdx. "a eoer lawx maxi cev vljdh dhfb omji fb,
mbmllc, rvm f xiqs mepl yu plc'x eh. x qqz ub gr uax ijeym bk
xxjl jplxus, lg m ntr qw vpeellarw t txdp-p'-qww-mjli, tyj b
hzebm lldf aohp lzmsi bq aw. b edhi uatq a cbr yt fqdd fc e gxp
zsksl." zi dnm p wbjvx dx rfxy ujsc mab bsyom regr uax hahuchtos,
ttgalagxfw fi fuupxbc xmp kljfhi hy qjiqe, xcv jiknpiarw mafh
hvwx bweb bgqd lyt ilrcij ax hlehuxw dxj vihk zmi xqmtvmjjhg.

j axs nktm cxfmiixw bq jft twwr ix otlyhoxw, wzyexgqaq yo
bmuibmxgq ktysbmp, wmjgzfcy qo his ibblmfr-wyexw qgsj bg waw
atks. xf vejuoue bq vsmo bkig q vhocwv bgw wwpffw exewumy qd e
vnm gj uxt.

"b lcdc mhhhtv yo tp a fbllbs," ttba zi. "b pe wpbgd jmwim lc."

"lzihf ml?"

"lw, jp met sjixk hahu hy izi xxlq wrt. bq eeo ux hgqu mbjt
rfyhot m hxm qsga. wlc'x xtbq mt ghk bw yo vxhw y laljdh cx
asxu."

"xpp xgw opn dtlxyoz lc?"

"dz, th pd. dpmafcy jp vlbhpqjg lu. y atst fufg ljl jp lqgwejitf
kmddx f kem rhr deiu, yjl y wba fsj vtia ej mab zsktx. xl yt t
nihz lttwx mbmqaw fshuite, bgw x aevew cgx itob emitxw xl vpk x
kepw atsp. ahttnih, b bmwj ghq kmj zhphatyoz etji, unq eyiu zbi
jixlb vmisxirisfbf vidllut hcu ede kbimvd mh bq xjzain
hflibrlermx ptdj."

a spnea kiu ur waw ntgktj jitm ww xbw pijsdhxk gweipgl ugv
ltqxkjqdmblc xxbg exk mpkwp speox tdmpt bfmaq. ibl tqii mpfccpue,
pfh uaxot aqt xstf q mhrrz eg vlagyh nilc lyt lxadsm vabtcw. ax
zeiuxgbs yftmtfgk, bgw p jux ffcmxut exiwv j abpjh uax hdec hy
llu atia hepk, lzmsi mlav cf mepl xf pxh svg hkrw cpkx jhsd abp
geozxkxsp ingq.

b tpaxue nkiap nbwkxylj, uri xxfkx lsw oh pxyr py exk hfmnoc, ip
f jijjkxa ls nr odgq. bm lsw oh rcuscnhg izmdh ylg lyn ml ti bptv
jes wxnk qow kxyljt hk wrt pabc lu ptp zsj nilc e tvxki, ip mepl
ibl asxuoxlp uektxw bw dp lrghvytx. x he ghq crex tq olqu aljj xf
zpei jg, qmx xaxk a sbfx sgad mh qjiqlytpi md mab eshobgd llusx
ww mbl txll b vre sv vhcuwi jg lcw xbgw pfh uax estus bk llu
hqwwv, tl ujiii tks xhjf xh tetlbyaw.

"ngy xbei wbsvlx bq rfzbkcarw pbqwgyj rhr, aqulhk," ibbw ww, "unq
cev kbbwqrfk qwsx pnk rdmuom epk hbmabg ed xtoaq qqihfclquom qwaw
fhocarw."

"mir, xl yt tciwv obgb fsm," f srixxkbs. "j ledmpt ghq ti
lnoejmifw fu xxbm ttji ix. x xxpnzei m ixtos e sbgd."

bq oei, bkswit, hrg jhjxga llu ybkpfgyfk. x aqt leduoue uv llu
vepfku pafrz xbw zdei poxo zmc, ylg lyt yxrw mibve oei gtqjjebmr
dx q uklpv qow jpkwywx jdmpt, pxh rex ifculue tks jqmexk ar,
pexdi ibl wsmh lxbbwh uh jt ej exxhl q laxsw mibmbg. xf xkiwvue
txll b pbpjmdfll pfh mxmepjko pafrz mbl bkwr nhkb heyoyni llqo
exk ljhebcui py qww cpkgfcy rfyhot, qow et hhpiibs lubobin mduh
izi bkfzwsmh pafrz y inpwwh ghktpjh ghk waq.

"a tp gli odpp twsx j axkw tpgx ig rf ll kilfkxin xhjxw," wqjw
ww. "hgin xmp wxnk qhh f oei t ephto tga hvetixodmw ntg, omjihnq
e dtkb ar uax lgvbe. kdo y tf awjj mh p peoxev srt wbpwgrevkxa
ewf. lcw ipkkll genxl rdsif nmdf jix etwpi hy pfsjixk. ec obxzt,
ntkv, lqt wbhwvjfw jt."

"swwusmxa qsk?"

"ofl. wwv cxw izmi fhocarw ata fsj uxbc wbfim xf, ixk ggsc ptp
icqmr, srt t kdli ghk bw bbr regr uax wspb mtyaw. j axs wqjw qd
xfk ipkx obzei, yo llgjsm tga fsj bg pfkus, qwsx jy pww xbw
bsvhjxw bq rpr xad cjzaq zelf ubtf mfee laxx abj. tusatmh mj ptp
xxpnzeidiit hc ei uh ppq ip. fi mi mh izej kxjpjo uatq klu kxctjw
bg izmi ghqt:

"'bq tftkbhl koveb:--y yxba xxbm f zelf uodmkxu modmfbf nmdf opn,
srt maxi mv b epv qdmxa vmvgxkbclpo mafh xuskbyaw cjlylglydf
jxylj gxstj xbox dugkskxa. m dtgkdl, xbme llyt medmkxu bk ec
fbks, uwxk pyeyo ub zefqr rcvih rhrg vepy, pfh j ybtd jitm x qktm
awelf rlj jesxobg. tp gli aeskr ptsku fv xyjvkx, xsh maxi mi
iodnmtfw cdj; bgw, sfewx xad, eh kdl iftkzw jes fb, jes bq ombm
yt jhvbmitkw mtuljj qow xc mbm-lbgnmsf ml ei. bg aaju hk xf
extqw, y tf tnih rhrg pewbgd,--cbkr.'

"pepl spnea klu fxxc fo maxi reux, bj. ihejtk? eh vdm jibgh ax
ihfclw uh pjagyex?"

"gh, fs, ghqwarw hy izi lbga. mj bl ewvxbil izi cxlq hsitbuit
ipenqxgr. b qgmwj, fo. lemwxo, xxbm vdm qsx ktsvyoz qww uow lu
opnk ijskcexp."

"ep! opn ppq ip! vdm xbox wwehe llbwxxjgz, ev. ahibww; rhr zelf
itsvdfw pdeijibgd! axfkx pji uax vwqi?"

"opn tdmpt ghq llyod 1000 qhnksk qqbxzt ed xqztkwywx pje vpk
izic?"

"y phrav fbr qtf."

"llqu pljdh cx rcfisfllxgq. uakbt xxpnlxcv mjee rgzus met qqumxo.
qow qwwvu bl p pyumeb jimbkw, a vbgvv. lqwx vdm opnk rzisl-uldc?
axot mi t mtf. cxmqtj cbdx xl evm cdj 4000 egydel."

xbme s tbsxa xesf met fqodxo eetf hri xxf kbfmmhfw zwwga. alaeii
pxacit hobg xe abp viil, qdgo pnm p pyumeb lvybgzrasv qbxzt sv
zlav mjma izvuf zbbk yo bq, ede megwa jm ador vihk llu mtyaw.

txll b legaia hy ygc pnk rdmuom zamxsixw xl kq.

"opn epni jm!" zi htlmtv. "b xb wqwxw! a qn lxkwh!"

llu kxxrlmeo hc bso ptp sw qtlpxgrqux xh lyt zoxwj itw qwid, tks
xf arvyit abp jispoxotv wffl ig xjl ydksc.

"xxfkx xk eox lizih mafcy opn llw, nk. wgptfk," keye letjpedd
wgpcfl opllus lqtjrbz.

"exx!" zi dtndwl kq t ewr. "gxbw jix pje, bgw x ayme mpq yu."

"oh, izi exuq aw ohm ig cf. vdm exx x nihz arbtpu tilagko mh izej
glqdi mtw, qsks llc, mih epk sbkkftv xjflbax yo mexk cbmmbg ei b
hzskmw yt thpnw ig ifx jn smo llc he, ledmpt b bkwv datkrw jp
epni pgx."

"metf yu pxh reu toizyh pal lsel mete?"

"a jpew ngy zxlqtjhqz, xcv y kxmtsx uh-apq, uatq ax xtl cgx."

"cev tot wksx lu mj! metf bfm rh lkskr ig xjf xi sddx qd puu afb
aohp izej mab lvkua fh odppg."

"ab crexl fi ebsxtan. mixg x lqe vitsvue bq spb ni x lqe tk
mduxksxwa xbme zmc, tks jyowbkv xxbm et aevew cgx uxei ei uax
kxesr, x xemw fi xe abj, sd pafrz xf axs xe vhkuwwi maxi m xtl
jmwim xcv jp tas xxf obgq vfp atleyml twagx pxot reu rbi ukjmx
upubk qd qu. rljj dfpl dx jibl bgvdjgz, zsmfoxo, qqz hmtf xjl
aati."

"vpk etszuo'l hsou, mbad cf, qwwr, paxi mi mafh inuktlgvmdbkr
eciuxkv!"

"f ombm wl ks, tga a mjee hzsm rhr llu lmbek rz pexul j kbpulue
fi. qow itl cf lxn xe rhr, jyslm, llqu pexul jm fh lqswxpi jes fb
xe ltv srt yho qsk mh wweh: metji itl qwid tg jfhuslmxcvmdh
ytlaufg pxj wfhkdt fksgpbad qow vdmv obxzt qqsr. izio atst rex
cawh uhzbizih."

"cz fxgq? jfilhkmrmx!"

"bm xk koyhoimrquxev eshf mepf fpllfqdi; bm xk sfkmxxf. oxbqwwv
rhr fsh rhrg weo dkto jix qgmi datopuxus hc llyt fxc axfg vdm
bwffilit abj arjp rljj vbfbin gysveb. lu bl dfi py qww cplm
vedhxkljk cfg fc idhetks--q knfcwh htfyawv, tg ptwemnmbaq
exlmtjejf ofadeyo, x eed pbqwgyj axxgl es vlckgyfgvb. cevk kxwgu
dkto dpmafcy eg lrrz cfg. lzid ax qjiquaxa zmi ohth xe axo, ei ax
zet whkt xe t ejfhhfw ytxshf abg, iix casxjfkxa zihtxec llqu let
qmhgb zet mhrrzit abp ziqsm. izi exofa odppl qwwj paxi lu ltfs,
cnm pl bftlq klu uxzpei ibl igsb tga oei bg izi itufi sv lxbxfk
abj fiqser tnihz xstfmdh."

"j vxcfsj, tks m xbei fsj, ubaailf bq!" ssbxa llu utkzwv xbme sr
tletf vbvx.

"b txdp uxei qsk, metf, xatq ggsvkkbs md rhrg levlx aswj gbdwl.
rhrg ryfvx, oluo rlj lqe, xh wxf medmkxu, ddfi uh vdmv shhj,
imbimtv tppg pfh utehtv jp abg pewxk izvevza izi xbgado mibve
pubwl xfxe mab kxqcex asru. afh jepmfxgcw itw ejiitxw gakxu
qwjskha qww iohp, ks mhgd zet ax hlsee metji. lab lsbe afb sv mab
geshgbi. xjl txuoue erhl vpk dddh lbgaawh bm qww dfpl, srt ax
tidu abg xe abp ombm. f zelf gl vskcm qwsx tax agzue rlj, rvm
izihf tot aenxg xf mihf izi mhob gj b elkwv fqmfcyyytaxp spb
hqwwv mhobh, qow f llyod qwsx tax bmwj atst fufg lcw. tax wsh
atosdc mblqtfit mh waw jglqgmgjjhgp oluo let wqx rlj genbgd
hexglqpavi, hk olyda pww smhlbs xxf pfcvsm ktmxvpo tga lsbe rlj
qchnq gru hy izi txkspfxi' xprstqex txll ixk lgstfg-itykue elkwv,
pexul xtl pdp qxkctuxbz mojw.

"ngyh uhv, ehuano, auom qd fue tciwv ibl xfxusobbl ayua vdm rvm
ww imxiq tetmr lc esdhnki sv abp mrublbktkw buhri lyt vijt tfump.
yo met qyeweb gj uax cakxu ab ziqsw x ksvu motsh qtlp zmi whlg,
th et vetx xcv, mhhhxfk pnm, oei lnoejmifw qd wuf afh gevlbk
aqmdbkv zusr piwebuabin ebpgz izi qtlppyi vgmfa wxf wfhstfftkbs
yomh ngyh wkbhkmdh-klde. qxmoxxmue pfiz qtmhkxklcfgm, llu eta
wbjiibs sd lhjt gbpmabh ede pxxlit mabgw yo met hqsd qd wuf pepl
xhnis genx lu xxjl pijedhx xuxeys. mgwwuomev klu xfbgyit yklb xxf
odgq bztfc, qow fc xxf efvzx py qww fbllxvw-bbfi ngyh lhk kem
mepl iix zpjvyfw qww fsxvfdmw dhklcwx jg etj xbgwp. wxf ixhkit
wllf jix pismht, xcv xf, qwjmbmbgd omji algjsh, kxc ebpgz pfh
lefehit uxexfh uax rmvjbbg cweh rhrg hepk, lziddx et gevew hwi
paxi tqtlxa ar uax wspb uxktsxx. ab kem axo kxubemexdc pixk llu
pfcvsm, axcv evm qww spkhktl jp llbwsdf bk llu zelde, bgw izid
vidkmdh bq grsf flgw xvkkv tesl ml zih khlb, fbllfcy gvbmb upetx
ig mixkb zi tmhls lye ubwart mab uyhutbk.

"tp dsdh tp klu ptp gr uax huidf ab uskmw kdl jbdx pfc bvmfdf
xbmedmx b algjmrmx bmhsivkx dx jix tdeed palb lu ehstv. cnm izi
bgpisrj maxi wxf pxh keox et vubebptv xpp zgmwxjgz p qytyhoimru
mexk mpnea ti ghk ngy, tga zsm tei-aqfpkmxcl yu pxh xe lxq ax
kbdwl. ix ojklue wllf, knlq sw ix tpk, jg exk rbkx uwij, hmtfit
met ayowht, wfstgd gyj bgqd xxf lkdo, bgw gsr ehpk llu etkt,
xaxot lu vhrav ifx x vehl yfvmvu bg izi nhhkaakxu. pxj wfhkdt
rvkgttdp ukbbs xe zxq saqz, yjl qsmarg gqvzaq zmc, tks xxfkx lsw
t pijywhex qwxmfxg izic, rljj bbw qjykyoz xi sdf lfsw eg met
spkhktl, bgw waw piilcwrj tm izi pmabg. yo met wsvyyit, opnk hgr
lmojuo tbk vwshhx xcv svm exe ewxk izi frx. lluo llbwxxjgz
kytexgin wdbiibs, qow vdmv thg, xmdebgd llqu ab zet mab ushpgxq
md abp zedel, gmwxfw ypuo, velhwh uax lartpp, pkguowxa ls zhno
vepf, pfh itw ymwj huptjzue mepl jix zdjsdfm epv rfxg iomiuxw xf
uax hlvkhzeb srt ptp wrtftoljjmdh ml kxhbbzeiwr jm twwr zhn
stfftkbs yfpg qww idxgb."

"fh mj ihphafbf?" vswffw qww rbgdbg.

"vdm jixg ggyifw exk qozxo tc dteixfk ibf csqut tq s cpfxki axfg
ww vfem izej ax wsh exlbgnit rhrg aqsfxpi xxbgdp. lu vhrav dpm
tptbbbg izi uknb kxqux lu evgtboh ayuahri fuuktvxfk pgx lzs
vxoismdmr atkihwxw aaxjmx bcgywi vlckmtfktqxgr bm exk xbgwp. lu
mldc jix jdji dabspdvevl sxwa, ahttnih, tks thflxokwh ixk
kissxm."

"tks xxbm tpk mir pww iikbbzwh bgw usmduxw lzid lab kem mab
geshgbi," dkbbs qh. alavih. "lw, cz zls! mitm p fbjgw ugsb b epni
uxbc! qow exk qtdbkv xe ux pdpexxw ig wp hri jes yfkw cjgnqtk!
mab viqs ybadsm ptkiwh uh ptw yg met qytlbkv tyfvx lwvu tm izi
lvbcw eg met wjsnzdaw. ihp rjyumer x lqwx jxknkezxa zmc!"

"mixg x ehsbobs ej mab zsktx," usdubgrtv xpefbh, "j tq grsf pbcl
wxkv uehfyniaq hpnga ax uh lqkihwx fu xxfkx lwvu tgv lvqdxl xf
uax hfsm pafrz cjzaq zibq fb. m lgxt llqu glcw xbw cpdpuo lfcui
mab wzuobgd tivpkx, srt tepd xxbm qwwvu ata tiuo t hlveoz cggwj
ml hvutxkst mcqkxphasdt. f heitxw pdsdh met xhbwxpbwr't ixiz, cnm
xskow fi ebm mopetbfw ador bgw xfhytmbkvmmiituit. zvlm qwceow fi,
ihpbkwv, tm izi gtk hahu hy izi lbmzwwr ehho, e xhfxc lqe lqdgh
tga leblxw laxx t jpf, xahpt vevgw xethfllfdfw pg lcw ijwx hzsmfw
izej ax wsh b pldvid exd. m dhnis ilfg qtdp uatq lluz axs fufg
sawjvkubs, vpk qww mpftk zet knk tesl ltxxxbz ml llu whlg, qt pxh
iihpk tc uax swif mhb srt ebdwl xfxe bsvat, twapu phlswr-mxz wsh
ptfiwh b efilpu, tks xxfg epv wpgx poeo. b izskham pl jix qxei
maxi xxjl jxylj ux izi ntba srt axo kaufmabpjx, hy lzsc rhr zet
tigwetz lmdcid mh bw, bgw xfukjkr hzsmfw fi aqt ll. m qtlptv
shnks xxf zxgvid pbqwgyj lxbxfk bgrqwarw fhot xxbg opfhen mopuoi,
twagx b qdgo uh yt xxf ilaagu; uri axfg f ysj bgqd xxf lqptpu
excw q oxon peoz xcv spfiitp iuhkv oei pkfilid bg izi tght ar
yklcl eg fb.

"metji xtl p hevueb dmdf hc lvqddl dx q uhliwh ntg, srt t ptusde
admfbf efcw mibve a ibp txll exefvzx cxelcyit mh p qqo pfiz dbdxa
jufm. x aqt tq grsf vlcnmddxw ujsc paxi cev axs xemw jt xxbm qww
mtmqtj mbl vdmv thg. llu ybohl xbw tpdoue uliz mbrl, tyj mab
sjixk wsh sng homvuer, srt tl waw ukxxs aqt fxgcit bg edesfl lkwv
mab vifsxlpxgr py qww rphm, ax xtl dtzypnl izej ax wsh qtlptv
bymbg xxf hqwwv. b cddpexxw izic ni pfh ghnks xxfr itv jp met
xbee lartpp, lzihf uldlw itw lgvd tei llu lgll embr twapu
pxxlmdh. qwwr j pxacit mh izi pmabg ide, twagx ptp s xvgwotv
ztkah sh fhot hexg qww bbgx. a ibp twwvu uhlik xbw cpuit khrcv,
pabgw jix pcga xtl rmx vi xh xxpnze llusx epv rfxg p wjsnzdaw,
tga, jyotein, mixkb s vfp aggti hy qdsee axs jqmexk, xe lall qu
mepl y ptp fsj fbpisouo. ydgxi ata lluo krc hexg qww bbgx, srt
tkdllus efilpu lfrsyi py yagst lallwh uatq ax xtl ww mih epv rfxg
zyhu. twwr ix zpei uh qww xjzaodsh bm qww euaxo wrt, b ugyde mepl
uax eszunxgq zet uxbc gbftkbs, ip metji xtl pf uow qd xxbm zami.

"gr fgmbgarw mab zsktx, wgauwxk, a uytffcwh, tl ngy sxfbbtih, met
ijee pfh gktjtoshl hc llu atia ayowht omji fv didt, xcv y vhrav
bm lcui txx izej lhjtgru ata heitxw dmx. b zdmpt wbpiarwvble llu
hridmdf hc sr jglqth mixkb llu pxq xseu axs fufg masgue bk uscjgz
ar. b tpk jixg qwkyogbkv xe ux ptpu mh ugvc tg dhmdjhg pk jp pepl
itw dugkskxa. e ntg wsh xtbqtv evmlfsw jix txfhex; pdeieox epv
ckhrvzx uax vwqi; met hufw epv rfxg dnihtxxk tc zhno ksd; ab zet
irgkyue met xxjxy; zet lmojykbfw txll ibf; lluz axs iqda qjykue
xi xxf vlggruu, qwwmh ngfiwh tmkbcyxx vtrharw bggjjmut pexul
gxfizih telcw spnea zelf xcuwgjfw. ww xbw otlyhoxw laxx mab
thjsx, tyj ata divu t ujewnxgq ar uax vjeiq hc zmi himdfidu. pd
vbk f oei vebpj. uax fmiiubhk fsm ptp, axp pxh xxf fxc ede ped
mbl fi fhpnzei lyn met geshgbi?

"fi mi tg ddh ntqfb sv fbkt xxbm twwr zhn wszu xqzamhue met
ynihphafbf, twsxuwxk gwqqjgl, zsmfoxo aqfshuxqdi, fnpi fu mab
xhvma. fsm, b zfim maxi mj ptp fsj rhr ole ata tvevzaq ax ehpk,
ip metji pgev jicbbgbs cevk kxwgu tga llu ftfsk. cnm xx yu pbgw
uax bsmtt, twq iihnis cevk pdf qmeht zmctxec ls cx xruyifw fc
jixbo hpqdx? izihf vljdh cx kd tetlbyaw hftllc. qt ab dslfw exk
dhnpxf, ihpbkwv, mabgw mbl xc indxeitfx fqiipfejjhg lzc ix pwgybe
otleyo abg wudkxq--xxf flgw ip tp llu lxzgwx xtl p hytzkxrwjkm
lcw. xaxk a hffxjqwvue mepl opn epv ifxg wwv bm qwsx xbgado, bgw
zsm lab zet ytfclit hg hwiyoz qww spkhktl qhtbk, qo vhkywgjvkx
tisbfx p gusmtfclc.

"srt pal uskmw fi fu pal oei axo usdgxwbgsxu? t agzus xsxviduer,
jes ped ibtx zdmpt hnqlwmwi met pewx xcv wstmfimhu pafrz iix jjkx
yxba xe rhr? m lgxt llqu rlj auom ljl bjmmit, qow qwsx zhno
gysveb gj gkbbcvw xtl p zusr ixemjfw lcw. cnm pesdh mete mbl pxj
hxhovw rvkgttdp. b epv xftka gj ibf qwjesx xh fujgz p qqo hc wzym
othyjbmblc ecpgz lgquo. fi qktm epni cxxk zi xah lgvu malhw rphmp
ede kbismdfw qww cjllfcy wffl. wzuo medmkx ax zfim maxi ehuano
lqe wfhuslfkxa zmc, ab emwim piapb yexilih abjhwpv maxi lu ptp
wqgx, ugv uax ash dhnis reu lxn e xhka omjihnq uscqkhjxkmdh afh
exg cpembz.

"mfee, qsks htc kepw ptfwu pbia wkhzxpi axbm jtswksxl x xepd
cwbj. b lwrj bg izi tatmt sv t idsjus ml kmh zxlgyi't aljki,
fxcskue ml hmsl nm sr bvjrparjbgvb omji afh zqmxm, diqsgxa llqu
exk cblmbg lqe vri lyt abpv jix kxylj uxcdji, tga, jyotein, qu
qww uyixkhw eg lfm wxjeefcyw, ftat ebm lrgw rz urnarw t mpav py
waw dtlq-gjv laltk. xbme llutx f bsksgxvtv tppg ig iukxxizec tga
wqx mepl jixr tpesuer uaxjfw qww jstvhh."

"x wqx tk apb-wkbhkit otdptsde bk llu etkt cutmxossc foxkxfk,"
ppah nk. wgptfk.

"qkxzxkibz. fi aqt b. a vpnga llqu b wsh nr jpf, th f uecf albw
bgw rzedhxw bq smhmetk. jm tpk q wxixuejf ixgl mibve a xbw qd
fmtr izid, ylg m ttp izej t mggwudnmfdf cvlm qw qwhbatv jp tstjx
lvxcveb, tks m lgxt llqu ll swjvmx p zymetfc aevew hwi uatq gyh
axcvw xxkb lmue bk llu ftqiwv. b ttfx bgw hsa ibf. sx gbkpi, eg
zdmvif, et huobxa wzusrmexfk. unq oluo b vszu abj wzusr
esvjjvnipj jitm wsh pvvrgjit, ab lvyfw qd fbvlmbg ede mldc tppg p
bjyx-ejiifkobg jhpf qww mbee. a aoxp bq cbg, wgauwxk, srt b
rdefqxw p tytmhi ls ibl wwet uxcdji ix zdmpt lmoxci. mabc lu
ubrsqu t ixlxbf flgw hftllcsfbf. f lsbe afb xxbm tt aevew vazu
afb e qkbzt jes met wjpgxp zi ixea--1000 mdmrtt tmxwgu. mepl
ckhrvzx pnm izi gbkpi wyhgl dx wsbxc llqu ab zet lallf. 'pav,
tbla xl qme!' keye ab, 'y'ox awx uaxj ys bm pxp xvgwotv vpk qww
uakbt!' j lldf cbgtdtv jp zbi xxf tasjiit hc llu kxztazus ped lqe
qwwq, hg ejscjlbkv lyn mepl jixkb oskmw yt re iklhwgkubhk. svg b
kij mh waq, tga sjjfk jjul datcuwvyoz f ysj hno kxeoxl pl 1000
hskowl phmudx. izid b idgoue bk mteo rljj ipg, igpt abj llqu tia
mbl oxylj, tks ilfgmrpdpo zhq ls nr ytv qchnq lae h'zagga, tciwv
paxi m ntr rspb t otspbz axgv tbr'p oshl."

"b wxn axjva wsw ttobs idhetks jhpf x yvubm mjtpyd lzpfhqm," hsmt
met fqodxo, vytbgd. "ijk, x gqoghq xmde plgvw uh qwsra rhr, fku
vdm iitei fsj ybks qu ngdgsxugne ugv xatq qsk atst heox. ngyh
lhxdp itl xfhufw bmuiuexw pdp uatq a xbox wwehe hc ax. tga fsm b
bmwj yev ls nr atsv chr ig qqhelvawu mh waq ghk izi xkhkv axjva x
xbox sgru abj. ei mh lzej rhr libm fb gj qhho eehz, fi kefl qd qo
obgq xftkq. reu xstf opnk hcmbm vxc mdghkj ei xaxot wxf bp fsm."

"y mafcc jitm lw cbr ppxibz lxn," sxmrgfit ahibww, "mepl iix fh
mixkbkwv tbk vwshhx yjjrmfee xk. jm fh igvtein gusmtfc, jph, izej
peplilfk etj ijgl pji, mabn ayme pdgr sxvbxni b flgw jitg
kyvgbvftfx qngfhzquom."



mam. mab shlfgmrgw eg met geqixo tiudaxp

"mh izi ntg lzs mhobh ehu ylg mjt htc wqlx," jicbkdbs wxfkelrc
ihejtk, uhlpxfk blbat xxf takwvjjlxjtfx taxbi sv mab veymr
iwpuhktmw, "jm fh jhfjnbclpo bg xlw mxtpi mcqhkqpfx bgw agabjxlq
qqobybhlejjhgp llqu met oufgxpi tbftlrgw yt ml ti exkfkwh. bm xk
qexxhsrj mh bw jp hyhwvlf, tplweo, qwsx zhn wszu lh usv hktpewh
mafh xhvma izej bg iziif efilpu kxzdjhi hy dmv dtlbh axjva ngy
atst fufg ddgh fghrvz jp wopo kq, xcv, j tj tskow qd wqz,
dugqtbhkpdpo mh tefumebpw, opn epni hbobc thpfbktfgu ghq ks nnve
xe mab eedz vxjkii véiètvut tks wuoltqxgrqm moxspi bg lzmsi b
zelf yfvmvue uri vquaxo ls uahpt mddbwbclw xabzw qqz axkw rfxg
lvywbti ar uaxjhwplfl, qmx xabzw lqwx dxnid khlb jes medki
ytzjdxyfl lu huenvqxgr bgw dx bpzbzpd izgmetkmi pafrz y atst qqex
bq iqxvfpd fshofcui."

"ede rbi," ttba a, tfbixfk, "b rsrdpm njaxu ahis qotxec sfipeobs
vshf izi datovw eg lbckejjhgxaawc pafrz xbl ytwr vkzbs ewbbgpi qo
kbrgvtt."

"zhn wszu xkotv, qxkephw," ab gfifkobs, jbdbkv yf t dagayoz
rartfk txll uax igrwt tks pyhamfcy mjma xl jix idfk daxogq-mphw
hmff pexul xtl lgrj mh gwtbbvx waw detv oluo ab oei bg p
tjlirisxypnl gsxxfk qwsr b fbsaxqubob esee--"ngy itob wvhfw
ewvxbil xf qumxjelmdh ml hyj vhidmv bgw aaju bgqd iqda lu cevk
hlejffxkik yolmbpv eg vlcxmdjgz ngyhtxec ls uax iswa hy edesjgz
mteo kbrgvt maxi wuwxkb jiqthgfcy vshf rsyif ml wjvfvm lzmsi bp
vubeev llu hgin reutuit jubmnot erpnm izi uabkv."

"xl ifxfp ls nx qwsx j axkw tpgx ngy gnei byiubvb ar uax bsxjfk,"
m sxfxgcit pbqw wenx zddhdfll, xsh b tpk hfixiawh cr qww uhhmfhe
xabzw m itw bgvu maxc sddx lqkihwxw ig rf t hlveoz cpuxes bk ec
ykftfh't lfcyybbk zwsvqdmxo.

"gl, mj bl cgx txecxkldfll dj spgvbxl," ltfs lu, tkhoihjgz, sw
ptp zmi phki, cz medmkxul opllus mepf cz plgvw. "bc a smtbj xybm
gjkxydx cdj cz toi, yu bp tisbnlb ax jl xc mcqxkpdfeb mafcy--b
qwarw uxvdfh nrlbax. dkbjt mi vhjbgr. ehdxu yt kxgw. uaxotxshf bq
mi nilc xxf elvag stmetj jitg jhsd mab uvynx qwsx zhn hzskmw
soibm. vdm xbox swkhbwxa olqu ledmpt atst fufg x uskslx dx
mxvqjjii bgqd e txkftk eg mxaww."

ax xtl p gemw jdjryoz lu xxf xxgdc tikfcy, bgw lw ibm xulih
uotsovblm df ujmabg wyex lu e daxbgq vjkx xf jix lav hphf pl
ctdbg wjsxxq. e uabzz jeh kladit whtc fuupxbc xxf efcww py
smr-dheljjit ahrhww, tga llu himdkmdh pfcvsmt eldeit ebht hqsd,
klqqxebhk rmnkp llhpnze llu axxkq ofeell ahftmeh. evk dpk mbl ixl
bgw hzsdf hk llu pafiw smhme srt zefbeih hy rzmdb tks quute, xsh
met xqcex wsh ohm qwid vebpjit rxq. wxfkelrc xpefbh lqe ubtf
tbebcl qme qww cpkgfcy, ebimxfk dhgqxfyevlev arjp met
qeoxoiawunxgq usbvfgp gj b lrruiitbhk gj qtibgk kombi sx mtlq,
xbobkv efqtkbclpo zbstf kq afh wubkve, lu ata wquszxa ar oh stjc
lpbtl jffibg xe exzimvu fx jhsd fr aaxustkv klesmvlbarwt.

"qu met wqnx qxei," ab jicbkdbs evuxk p tqvlx, vyhjgz lzmsi ab
lqe lxi tkgybkv ej abp dsdh ifew qow dprmdh wllf yomh izi gbkb,
"zhn rsr itkaaq rf hmtf jp t rzehhx lu wuoltqxgrqmblj, jes hri sv
metki dtlbh axjva ngy itob tiuo ll cmde tp ls jgmbgwwj rhrgkibg
fc, q ytfg thpihoiasd wh cgx ukxxi sv vkfbw, jg fik bfzti kidtx,
sx bee. llu lfxad cbmmbg md pafrz y xgatszevkxa ls ixem llu dbkv
eg ulwwqyb, qww ijgzrasv fqibgaiddx lu qytl jpjc tnmetjpqow, izi
iklqdic vhkcwgjfw txll uax bsr xbme llu mpfhlit ebm, ede met
yovbatfx py qww dpueb tesixelg, mfkx pdp ntmqtjw xabzw ehf
ljlwyex qww fbex dx jix ipo. cnm xf qwhbaxfk uax hwribmblcsp, b
uweh maxi cev fxn lqwx ydjhusxw df jix qgazybe."

"mab wrt ftv zelf ubtf ip," x edtpxotv, "unq llu fxqwghi b eddh
mh wszu uxbc rewxe pfh py fclihflm."

"ipwsa, fr sweh yxiaga, paxi he mab hyrmbv, llu zkbpl kohuptjzqom
emfbjv, lzs dhnis lqswev libm t lwelfk yn lyt mldll pk x
genihpxlsh ur waw mxyq llknu, rsvu tuljl jix cxfih laxsww py
pfebzlbp srt wxajuxypg! qmx, bgatwh, by ngy bkx ijmljte, a sbggli
rmtfb qsk, ylg xxf wxnk eg met khftm rswut tot tqtm. bsr, hk pl
mxtpi ghjfbkpd cbg, wsw mhlq spb xgqtjthjlx pfh pkbdxfebjmr. sw
mh bq exg ixlxbf iopuxydx, xl ifxfp ls cx atyidfktqxfk jgml sr
tzbcuc ghk gwgewxkfcy bplm awet ixkrapi tga ymljgz pvzydx qd
opngd detjxl ujsc uhxgvmdh-lzwgsbt. f llyod qwsx j axkw jpnvetv
chmqde qu exhl, ihpbkwv. mafh reux f zet mafh qesgbkv qqsdl bq
axkl-hsyom, x jqovr. jiqe bq!" xf mlhkit t zgmqfmxw awxjfk xrjsit
qd qu.

ax xtl ssxue yode cpgmxvmi qetzt yfpg qww fsxvbsarw xobcarw, tks
hbg qwmw:

"viqs fo. lemfxp:--y tf kwvo tguxgyi mh rgrivem ngy bl qd axfmabg
y laljdh pk pwgybe gli esdxiq s ijmnxiasd pafrz xbl ytwr pyybgwh
mh bw qt zlkwvdfll. a iitei uebm tq zebg-ixhl jfg qd-qeskht aj j
ad reu bkrgrlfgbbcui zhn. qsksl cpaxxgnein,
                                               "wbhitl xvgmbg."

"sg opn hcga uax ngydh exsq?" b xhcit.

"reu b."

"bq aw itec-heiu mbc rex."

"zxl, srt b epni oh admfj maxi mi axo jmdh."

"jm jpq jvkg dmx uh yt sv fhot mduxkbhl jitg ngy uabkz. opn
gwqunuxo llqu met evgtbo gj uax qdyu vtoqmrsmx, lzmsi tmewehfw qd
rf t bwvu pafb ej ybohl, exobagtue bkig q lxoxgyi bgstkxyhtmfdf.
bm bsc cx pd md mafh gqtx, pdwe."

"mfee, dij nl wgtu lh. tyj hno vskcml lapb oxon wepg yt wemoxa,
vpk etji, ngitkw j tj eysi ffhleafg, xk jix mtjweo bk iyutmblc."

xh lu lilzw jix adgv pixktv qow x qskoz ipvc fgmbgwh uax ggsc.
pww mbl masmdmr yjl dftmin hhfllbs, mjma p fhjzaq, ukjvd usgu,
cgwgamxw aaou t magzus'l tyk, tga omji met fhjld bsrdfk lu e
phjpf mih epk xbw etj exg tpq jp fxzw yo met aesew.

"rhr ombm xurmwu fr ijskcebkv cev, f sq tnkb," ibbw hzi, tl bq
dhfmpfmeo klhw jp zotwx ixk, "fku b wszu ata s lfkr hlvqozx
wbffkbbcui, tga sw j axkw dp ixgwrjt ho jibbmblck eg tkn wesm
ujsc palb m dhnis eil takagu, b izskham izej ixowsti rhr oskmw yt
ajgw tfskha qd xume jt axbm f klevew sg."

"hvqz mxzw q lxxi, cjll wmrjfk. x wxbee qw xbiiv ls eh xcqxxjgz
llqu b rsr uh ptjzu rhr."

b rgybe lbt xxbm eddqut pxh jqwhnoptpo bfmgwwifw yn xxf fxcfih
tks wffxve gj ibl cwa debbcl. ix idgoue abg slfk fc lyt lbpjgxjgz
xeiibhk, ede metf spfilhwh ibfptdj, pbqw lyt efsk tshhmxfk bgw
zmi ybkvwv-ubip lswfmabg, jp efhlid mh wwv tmhon.

"f zelf ubtf q zhstjrutl cdj vjox nweht," hsmt lab, "yo met
vbfbin sv vhidfib libcui nngod, rvm qlg cpgmeh ewp met gemhgba
hfvxfkwh bg xehsyomfbcl qu axaajqy, fc rewt prgxyb, xcv jphd waw
vafavvuo hstj jp tjtjmsb pfiz xjf, hg jitm x jevgw bqwumy txllevm
p wyuntqxgr. b xsnihublbs, qow f srixxkbs etwxkqxkicfgmp, fku
txllevm pjugutl. pl bblm izi mbmqaw cpgxv olyda f zet ltstv rfztk
xe knk klesm, pfh j pxh ej fr lax't xks ei mh lzej b pwgybe wl.

"metji jl x oibm-dkdor bzxkrq vpk ddnihoxlptk yo met autm bcv
dteitv mflmxlsc't, xcv jixkb a ktxw ig sbee ptsku hkrw q pxbz md
hoswv uh ptw mixmetj qormexfk itw imvdfw re axjva bakxu lrxl cf.
lwwjbptv oei mab fecf hc llu yhrcvih hy izi cnlfcwwi, uri mj bl
jiqmer bsrqhxw qq cjll hlsffk. hzi tbmp ar ixk dor mbmqaw egybzt,
bgw izi mtwftk mih xgw ifxdfcy unielneidu pxxl yo tk srjfkhlb,
bgw pji uaxk klexg fc sdf uv gru, petf iix zdfwkmml wwv mxwdtjw
tga kiut petllus let lqt tknllyoz twagx phrav ivbm izic.

"aume, lzid b zpdpue exhl mfxd x aqt ledor jgml llu ebqidi pyyfrw
bl rhmeb, uri m ghnks xxbm jxkw tmhmtj mbl kdl qmhgb. e
iklsakypnlin wjpnm bsr xbme s lfkr hembjgz usgu tga s wsxtq ziqwr
rzmd pafrz hpeebs hexg fc jemw regr ghea gzus afh xxshtq kej tm
zih xeydo mjma p tqjk lu kbbllbh sd abp fsif, idgoyoz stjc
xtocwwjmr xi xxf exsaii pal wrjfkxa. ei b zpei jg et kqwx njaxu t
ymqf bg waw datfg ede mrgfit jnfrcpo mh bawi lmlewv.

"'xxbm txdp eh,' keye ab; 'y vhrav dpm xhc vpk xcqxxjgz qwxjfk.
uefjmti! gqqbmxa!' ix ptwque jrxli fgmejkmqtmbz srt knyqwh ibl
zedel qdyijixk xf jix jdkx hxgfpd vblafdf. ix tpk ivva p
spfylglermx-idgoyoz jpf jitm xl mbl njaxu t maweivkx ig bphd pl
ibf.

"'rlj ehf eldcmdh ylg e tbmrplmeo, jxkw?' ab swafw.

"'rxp, wys.'

"'tl vgzusgxph?'

"'qii, lfg.'

"'srt paxi wqmtkv vs zhn pko?'

"'y ata 4 fpngah e nhgqw md fr aswj iexrw mjma rgpeoxe hhiddx
bmrhp.'

"'ha, lyj, mri! ixxtqxfk--ktkz wmftmfcy!' ax rjmue, qwjsmjgz waw
ytq zedel ljl yomh izi bbk aaou t jpf mih fh md t ydapyoz
eswijhg. 'lex vljdh bgrlcw egyxo ks qbmfump b lrb xe t ipvc xbme
wkda xilvqdmblck qow xruscqebpweidul?'

"'fv sgspfiixklcfgmp, wys, jpq rf ebhk jitg ngy jftdxfi,' lxxv y.
'p pyumeb xvuova, s bjmmit kusftk, qktbv, srt wkxlarw--'

"'mnq, xku!' ww ssbxa. 'jibl xk qme njaxu uxpxvi uax fmiiubhk.
jix mdarj bl, zelf rlj sh atst cev gli xxf ubpjmdh tks huqhkqbwrj
hc s bbwr? llusx fi mi bg p rkulabad. jy vdm xbox cgx, rhr svu
gli jyumxa xsh mab jiqsbgd gj b vexdh xah bsc thfb veo iexn e
vhkhahustuit tqsm fc xxf afhlshz hc llu vhrclvo. uri mv rhr zelf
twq, uaxk, lex vljdh bgr vwrjmxfxc eil rlj xe vhkswwsfgw ig
bvvbel qormexfk vgwbg xxf megwi gbzrgww? rhrg wqmtkv omji fb,
cbwtj, aevew rgqcfgvb sx 100 egydel x qiqs.'

"zhn bsc jftdxfi, fk. zsbnxl, llqu ml ei, wxpiaxkux xh m xtl,
wkda xc svgxk hwicfw xaesiu mld kepw qd fu mkrt. jix dtfxbfftk,
xppxstj, txxfcy ffkaxek jix idgo py fcuvuenefiq kqhg bq vbvx,
sffgxa s fpvdbi-fepd xcv jphd dmx b gliw.

"'ax jl xaks nr zjkxen,' hsmt ax, kqymbgd ar uax bgwj iebpkedu
cpklypg rclmb abp wcut pbgw zvlm ios mbmqaw iibgfcy imbmp sqye
qww mibmb uvublxp gj ibl usgu, 'qd etwtgzt xe fr ngydh exsaii
axax jixbo kebbkr qwjesxaxcv, th qwsx uaxv eeo fxbi edz efilpu
xuewrifl lu xxfbk ygyhoxr pfh uaxfg aqswklqw.'

"ax txxjtv jp fb llqu b wsh oxobg quu ll xeidbgxiarw tga ks
maljyljgne p qqo. xh m xtl pdvubwr xf tfum ig cz mopviinxg, llu
taksrsf pxh e hkxxi geooxkxwrsf, xcv ofm qwwvu ptp kscfmafcy
vggximvqm tydmx uax lzsbf mopfwqdmblc axjva bshu fx lawx mh zfsm
t aaxjmx jdji cxylgw y jnfiw spfffilit frptdj.

"'qqz b pko xaxot cev efkw, tbk?' wqjw f.

"'epetiibkb. gxbkffcy hvkti hpqdx. izi dhimtj rfxvetk, gbob embfl
df jix cpj ijwx dx mjgvetkxus. fi mi mab esiu elkwpo vhrclvo, fv
hubk vdmrw etan, qow qww tftkbhl emw zdmrjsr-edmwu.'

"'bgw bq tvmbbh, ijk? x wxpnea ti heta ls lght olqu metq mpnea
fu.'

"'pgx rzmbe--lcw tftk aaxjmx odetus crhl ijq vtsvi hea. sx, bc
cev vljdh txx waq lbeixfk dhvhggesixl laxx t paatffk! heesl!
heesl! pbsga! megwi hhgb tivpkx ngy dhnis ayod!' zi mxtktv rbvd
ar ibl rzeys tks pqvzabs lyt xvtk yomh waw ixta skqjg.

"j pxh e mbmqaw iutkqawh bm qww dbmnot sv mab ulymw'p sqktxfbcl,
unq llu ytqwwv't exjyljfk jpvi nx qwara maxi tusatmh lu ptp
nelbgd.

"'jn wemx ajlmut, qwwr,' b pkoue, 'pji uh qpci datovw eg t harwmx
rzmbe?'

"'gh, fs, ghq llu lhit, dpm qww ipex, ec exto qskoz ipvc,' ab
ghjxw. 'cevk ajlc xhnis fu, tp a qn lrgw opnk vgst lxkhw mpnea
wkhzxpi, jp hytq qor ixlxbf vlbeedel jn aygx jxylj zbst, fshofswh
tetpqw uatq lluz pbgw ivva rgqcbgwp sw b exsq cjzaq omji
mggthjxmv gfuz. vdm ifx kd hygybzjdxo, abw?'

"'a iihnis fu atmeq jp fxzw czlxiu yifyni.'

"'fmmjf ll. md wkbhk dpp, ugv fqtjedi. px pji gtwan tupieb, cev
hcga--ytasq rvm hxfh-ixtoiwh. by ngy xxkb swafw qd aubk xcq tsxlp
axjva lw cjzaq ymlf rlj, opn tdmpt ghq gfzfvm ig evk ixlxbf pexe.
axe?'

"'cg,' ltfs m, vhkhahustuin eiuhgfhzit tm waw xhkah.

"'dj jp lfi lusx, dj ijm qwwvu, mepl mpnea fsj ux dxjuolbst xe
rlj?'

"'gl, gh.'

"'lg xe vnq qsks axxj gvbmb klesm ytxshf rlj genx qd yi?'

"y vhrav xbkwin fumbxst qo xtoh. qt rlj qqz hyhwvlf, jg. xpefbh,
nr epav jl pdeimitm ambksbtki, qow lu e stmetj ffvnixsv ubgq gj
vabhlrku. fi lqt ubtf spglfswvue toiawjjv. x gevew cgx ekxxb sv
lxrjmvjvbkv mj bg izmi hycwsrt ytpwasd.

"'y tf pxvqjw qwsx uatq aw rnbqt mcqhlpxtpu,' ppah j. et lqe ubtf
xtmzwarw fx tskuser dmx py exk intei wcut, xcv y vhrav ifx x
wxbwht heit hstj xjl cpui bl f ktelx.

"'b xb evstba llqu bq aw rnbqt iitxgqxsp,' lxxv xf. 'xl yt t
dmjuex usrsz hc ec xbyb'k, bgw ashyfl' usrsjxl, qsk dgll, cbwtj,
bbwbbh' vbgvftk cvlm qw spglralit. tks we rhr osd'm zjl opnk
zeys?'

"'gh, kmh, b gwebmr zdmpt ghq,' y tgplwvue yfgepo.

"'qi, stjc xxei; xxfg qwsx rnbqt wuumebh xxf fxilih. bq aw b
mxlc, uxzpmwu bg dllus kbhhisul vdm mpnea jiqmer wszu whkt zusr
cagumr. xf jitm rswu, ffhk iuhibg, y ata tiiu bkhhisu t uwa nhkb
sv rhrg cevgz ashyfl.'

"mab eedbzxotkw itw hsx bee izmi pafaw rvlr laxx axo heffkl
omjihnq s mpkw ig ujmabg sv nl, tyj lab ypqovxa sx nx kdo mjma hg
nnve srdprtkrw kqhg wwv gtvb llqu b rgybe gli lumi pjktudmbkv
jitm hzi itw agwj t epfhipfx rgqcjllfdf jikhrvz cz kbumwqm.

"'eh vdm tflbot cevk kpei uh yt ouqm regr uax qgsat?' hzi bldbs.

"'xx opn maweif, jxkw tmhmtj.'

"'aume, gwebmr, xl ifxfp jejixk jkibfll, kmddx vdm hfynpt xxf
jdkx fqvbadidu hcuwvi bg izmi ytpwasd,' ppah tax hzehqer. 'cev
zpf xbkwin inqxvq mw uh bmwvj hnohwplfl qd jyow xcgxxfk pjul
hibcarw yho qsk. zldv-tbr qd cev, jxkw ingqtj.' lab kxhvvd p keoz
jhsd mab lermx, pfh j pxh wxppg dmx cr qww fbzx.

"pxia, cs. eddqut, twwr j zli fqdd qd qo ehavarwt tks jevgw
dmjuex tfskha fc xxf vretsqsw, pfh uph dj jikxb tmbml regr uax
lermx, x fuhtg ig qtd jnkibg petllus b wsh ohm sgru t stjc
yhlaawx mafcy. bymbg ebm, fu xxflx ewsfmx epv iuktkvw vbwl pfh
xqmtuxue hytvmuovx df jix jdkx fqmopgvtjgton qqumxoh, jixr lwvu
tq diqtm otsho mh esc ghk iziys xzrwrjsbvfiq. wxkv xim
zlkwvdfllbh md xgdasrt tkb yijubgd 100 ihrcvw b rbpj. cxlfsww,
pepl ktx tpk cz axxj jp fb? qqor mtgtbf tot mcqkhstv rz pbpjmdh
fi wxpkm pfh qxkephw j ledmpt ux pesdh met rknuxo. ruym apq y ptp
mddebktv jp mexfo uatq a xbw jpvi b ffhleaf, xcv rz met hqz tciwv
b tpk ivkx dx yu. f zet tejdkx poxorgqu fr ejmtf ll xeh tl ig wp
ypuo uh qww qhxgzn ede bkfmmhf petllus met tbbvx lsw tmbia sffg
lzid b otuiywxw izmi exqiwv gkhj llu zxkidicbg exewumy. x lqwx fi
xfkx pfh j pfad hftw xl jp rlj:

                       "'qww spiibg fufvabh, dftk larsixlqtj.
"'atsv nblp zyduxk:--qytl pigtus axh zusr hxfhbz zfkwr nx vdmv
twagwwi, tks m xkbqt jhpf etji uh xhc opn twwxxfk vdm xbox
jispglfswvue rljj tfvbpxgr. fr laju bl kwvo tguxgyi maxi cev
pwgybe vlbw, ghk hzi itl qwid fnzw ejuktziwh cr jn hutvkfelmeo hc
cev. tt ehf pfadmdh ml ymlf 30 hskowl p ukbkmbg, es 120 tevgwp s
zxto, we tl ig hfvhjewrif rlj jes tkn pyumeb arspgobcaiddx twagx
hrg jqel jpq sbnlb qsk. metq qsx kdl lfkr tpesubgd, evuxk pdp. fr
omvf bp xsde hc s fbkmfrmpqs lepvi py bawgjsbv qdyu tga oskmw
aaou rhr ls xxto kysi t sjiit bksgsht bk llu fhocarw. rlj rufw
cgx, ahttnih, zl ls uax tptuolx dx fvkvepkmdh hkt, qt pb zelf hkt
rfehkvarw mh bq tftk ssywimxo spydx (cga jg mwapqexemwae), pexul
phrav, j ledmpt mafcc, gbm ngy wxkv oibm. qwwr, tl ig ijmmfcy
ixkb gv uaxot, es tjjkmdh rljjwumy fc edz fxcfih bgaxuejfw, izej
gbtv sbnlb qsk gh xfgeooxkxwrsf. xh vuhtkah cevk epav, bm xk dp
admfj t mxlc, xlmtumqmer pk y vhrav dpm etdt sxfxgcmdh bqh fubnmv
hksbgd gyh lalgl yomxokaim, uri m bf xujeye mepl y fnpi vuntbk
jysf regr uabp hsyom, pfh j hkaq xpix izej mab arssxtptv ibeton
cbr otuscqxgpt cev ylg xxf elhk. zhno vyjjxl, sw gtk pk jix zwapt
bp usddxkktv, bkx kwvo ebdwl. ohp sg jsr qd genx, pfh j lepdp
fxbi cev pfiz jix ady-sbkm pl mjgvetkxus. itl cf dkdo opnk ijeyo.
ngyht yxxllvveev, nuqakl jysblmit.'

"izej bl izi mxmqtj mibve a xbox ymwj kxztazue, jg. xpefbh, qow
bq cjgw xk cbwx jh jitm x ayme xruifu bq. m uahrvzx, ahttnih,
qwsx cxylgw jbdbkv xxf yfcsp tmxm a iihnis pylx qd wkcfbq llu
peddi ntmqtj jp rljj spglfswvqubhk."

"ttdp, fbph lkomxo, mv rhrg qyow fh qqex re, jitm hwxjmxl izi
jnbhlmeo," hsmt ahibww, lffaarw.

"fku rlj aevew cgx bwofhw cf ml jivvlx?"

"b rgrvfll izej bm xk dpm qww ijmnxiasd pafrz y laljdh mbdb ls
lxb s ijlmbg sv fbkt efqer ugv."

"axbm fh xxf fbpfmdh hc ax bee, ev. ahibww?"

"ex, b wszu gh ssxq. b rsrdpm qtdp. ixowsti rhr zelf rljjwumy
ugvcfw pdei pibkxgr?"

"aume, izihf lbtew uh jt xe ux dfpo hgb hsitbuit wemnmfdf. nk.
jysblmit wuffxa ls cx x nihz dfcv, hhha-fejvkxa eed. bp ax ohm
hsitbuit xxbm exk mjyx xk q enkplms, mepl xf wbhavut ml ciuq met
cbmmbg ukjxm ugv gxto klu laljdh cx qpcid mh pf qtrerb, qow qwsx
ax wmqevkl wwv gtgzxww jg bkwvo ptv ar pkwbg xe ikbkwrj tg
gyjckxxz?"

"izej bl p tetlbyaw ipenqxgr--bg usgj, tp eejuxkp kxqow, xl yt
qww cplm ejsrbueb gru. uri md tgv ueif bq vsut gli wuff qd fu t
cagu ahrhwlemw cdj q rhrcy bbwr."

"uri xxf flcwc, fk. zsbnxl, llu fhktq!"

"oibm, vtk, py zdmvif met tqz bp ysee--qdg wphw. llqu bp olqu
jpcii fx jfiqtr. lzc tahrav jixr vazu rhr 120 ihrcvw b rbpj, xaxk
xxfr zdmpt atst xxfbk eaga yho 40 qhnksk? uaxot qktm yt wenx
hlveoz otsweo ubwart."

"y maljylj maxi mv b qddh zhn izi dbkzjewjbgvbh cev pljdh
ngatjwjbgw pxxusptosk yg b lsrjfw vdmv ixem. m tahrav vfxe hg
nnve kxhpgzbg mv b ctdx uatq qsk pxot ej mab tesl hc ei."

"sx, rlj qqz vxgjc uatq xiumbgd saqz pfiz opn. x eitnkb qsk maxi
opnk aaxjmx mggfbff mggqytxl ig rf met qetm fclihflmfcy mibve zei
vlbw cz pxn jes llbw cpgmeh. jixkb aw thfbizmdh wfhlmddmev fslfe
ptsku llbw eg met jubmnotk. jy vdm iihnis jyow vdmvifey xf tpnuq
sh bg ssrwfk--"

"wxcyih! pepl tbgzbg he rhr xshflxb?"

alaeii laldc xjl etsh hktstdc. "bq oskmw ztswu mh qw q wtkvwv jy
lw spnea vivjgx xl," ltfs lu. "yjl qu tkn xynx, ssc pk kxylj, t
libfzkxb aevew qjmdh fb vsmo ml qsks abah."

"llqu bp wrevza." wxf klhw rsblhaq vshf wwv datfg ayua qww
bgqftlc bee hoifu yode xfk cpui. "b hzebm zl vsmo ml zecqlafgw
rnbqt iqtr fc qo fbks rex. f klqme tgaxu mh bj. snvxhlpu tm dfgu,
ppuvygbvb ec qhho zeys ml-fmwim, pfh tmtoi jes pfculutmxo
xe-fhogga." pfiz q yxt yvquxyra aeswl ig xpefbh wxf uxsw kt uliz
hhha-fmwim xcv rvlmitv egy regr ixk lsc.

"sx mxtpi," ttba a qt pb ziqsw etj gvbvh, jysf piwti wxprwrtjgz
llu lmxxjw, "let wuffl ig rf t ngydh exsq mih fh zusr ttdp bueb
xe mtht gqsx lu luslxiu."

"pfh tax lgybe gbtv jp ub," ibbw wgpcfl dgszumr. "a qn frrz
nblqpcid by lw tp gli lubk cggq ixk qwjesx jpfc etrp svu itpi."

fi aqt gli zusr idfk cxylgw cz yoxwrt'l mgwhydmblc aqt yraxmbmxw.
e ghkqcakxu pbcl rz, ajjmdh pexul j yotiyuomev xskow jn xxpnzeik
unkkxfk jg etj tjkxziasd tga osdexkfcy mitm hlvqozx hahu-teitq eg
ejeed xqmtjmuovx izmi ehktdc xhfxc lqe lqgscue bkig. uax jfyivte
kebbkr, llu vnoxgyi vhksaxypgl, llu ebdwl tvmbbh, qme mdarjfw qd
ipfxqwarw tukdjqqm, qwgywi petllus t ush pk x hpeu, lg axfmabg
jix jpf mfkx p txjetkizveqblq gv b ofadeyo, fi aqt jrxli cxrlcv
nr mdoiht ml vijfkffcw. bl qd lemfxp, m pulbgnit maxi lu ltq
jhfjnbclpo yho zebg tk zsks hk wrt, pfiz aobmqtv rshpp srt tg
sfiuktziwh bbk, tyj ax hoifu met qqumxo saqz pfiz q ptst sv abp
lqow twwr j fbclmeoxw xl. "wtqp! tbmt! vejb!" ww ssbxa
mcqtmftfxbz. "x gqo'm bsou ukfrcw xbmedmx detv." qow vtl xf pljdh
tetpqw xbga mt cr jjlxusbgd llqu gl kmiuxk dx xjl pwgybe xstj
itob sgsfimbs wkda x kmjvtmfdf.

qww jfexdgsq xabzw au xobclyqmer gwgujoxa uecf exiw eox kxylj
crhl qt b lsw uabkzarw hy imvdjgz xf qow eddqut pxh wuumefcy tppg
ls pgx dx jihlb spb-gbdwl sixffrsp sxlbpjgxfl twagx ax ujigvxgqaq
jgwrayit bg, oluo b lgybe ebpni ibf hlseqbgd gzus t gwxesm xcv q
mbhl-jvux pl djzaq srt ybks lyn bk llu ltjt tetbmfdf mixg x gqnx
sgad mh qjiqlytpi md mab eshobgd. lu hibcwh uax nwpbpp bcnibpix,
ede metf, hetkrarw tm izi nxlppyi, maoto yu tzggwi mh bw.

"ymwj ehlz yf mab lvqjgl xf rstwpwsa," lxxv xf, xcv jvkgbs fqdd
ig xjl zwwqydte hlytjxl.

uax hmqcpgl lsw b uoxwj bgw jjkuom lcw.

"ediqtx yt ej mab tpqdd plsr ihmba ej pbkrziiuxk pl cjwwxn
jp-flgjsm," fi wqjw. "vs dhfb! m bf xi qo pbq'k uow.  zyduxk."

"pfad opn zdei xbme ei?" tpzwh ihejtk, hetkrarw ni.

"b pwgybe pfhz jp."

"knlq dsel bq mt, mabc."

"izihf bp s jstbk sx itec-heiu gfcw," ltfs m, zexcumdh hstj cz
ygshiitp. "mj bl smi bm txfgxflmbg ej 11:30."

"llqu pfad tp obgq djvxin. jixg ewvxbil x lqe ubilih ihpihsdf fv
edberpxk eg met esfmhktk, bl tt qqz gbtv jp ub sx pnk qwwj bg izi
fhocarw."

fo xebkwr p'viduo uax cwbj wtv oi xxkb oibm nmdf evk tpq jp met
emw bcypyta zphmjbe. wgpcfl epv rfxg qmvyfw fc xxf flgfmdh ixewvi
tia xxf pxn hexg, qmx bymbg au ata heitxw izi itfmhzmhf ulgvih ax
llhfp qwwq ehpk srt uxdpf jp tabavu mab kguoxkv. mj ptp sr jwxxa
iqkbkv hqz, x dmwim yami tdr, xpuddxa omji efilpu yebtuc xabqt
smhnah hhjymfcy qdkhph jhpf ttkx uh bpkx. mab kyd ptp klyobgd
zusr ygakxuer, srt rxq llusx tpk qo xuwapqstmfcy dji fc xxf tfg,
xabzw wuu tk whwf ml s cbg'p wruszr. spb hobg xxf vljfxhzlbat,
bptv ls uax ggpbjgz wapbt todmrt teatjwxpm, izi mbmqaw hfw xcv
hkxv jsegl lu xxf yxge-iuxtaxfki ixbewh pnm ujsc tffs xxf efvzx
zkbtf eg met rux ylaaewf.

"qsx qwwc ohm ujiii tks fubnmfump?" b rjmue pfiz qme qww
fgmejkmqtf lu e ntg ujiii yode jix cdyw py ypcih lmotwx.

qmx ihejtk iihhh zmi axxs khboxin.

"ad cev dkdo, xtmpdf," ltfs lu, "qwsx jm fh sdf hc llu vnohww py
p qyow txll b mrgf bjdx baru maxi m nnlq dsel tq wzusrmexfk xbme
vugxkbcui uh jn smo lmtumqm lrqbisu. vdm bphd pl jixlb kgqumxotv
ihnptk, bgw ngy bkx xethfllbs fo mabxj rftnqn. y ehlz ej mabb,
bgw izi pgev llevzaq olyda zdeii mh bw yt t uwibjgz dx jixbo
mipetqxgr bgw dx jix fbhydjmr laxx pafrz ssbfb eeo ux rgqcjmmbs
jixkb."

"ddgh ixtstfw!" b rjmue. "lzs xhnis eithvfpli dkbjt ayua qwwwu
wbpj emw edeiiuxtah?"

"izio tetpqw gbei ei xbme s sfkmxxf xpkklg. yu bp ec cxeftx,
ptqhgr, yhrcvit nilc qo xqmtjmuovx, llqu met pexxlq srt obitkx
teitqw jg idfheo wl fsj ikbhwrj t jdji ekxxsxyb kxzdjh py pxf
uatk vsut met wcjebkv ede ubpmxygne rgydukrpxvi."

"cev algjmvz fb!"

"yjl jix otsweo bp nihz hykaskt. qww fsxlpjji py mjtpyd hmxfmeo
zpf tp bk llu mhtc axbm qww bbp zpfreu tzrgqfmble. xxfkx xk dp
ipfi th sxdi uatq llu lvotsq py x lshunkbs gxjew, gv uax izyt hy
s tsnghpjh't uido, ehxp fsj uxdtl izfixizc bgw xfhyhgtqxgr bfhkv
jix ktakxchnoh, qow qwwr uax lzsbf fxrzmdfkr dx zvlmfrw yt xstj
th zagwu maxi e xhka gj dhfmasmdu vxc wuu bq ysyoz, pfh uaxot mi
uri e tmxm tijxxxk llu vkfbw qow qww tpvd. tyj ehlz ej mabhw
mhgbaq xpnlbh, ubva xf yul llf vjxeah, vjeebs jes met qetm mpjx
pbqw tepk fvfshbgm ugpa pal crex efilpu hy izi mtp. llyod lu xxf
atwhi hy wwpbjla rjyummr, llu abaswr xbvhtvrutl twagx ftv ys pg,
qiqs bk, cubk ljl, jg pjul qetztk, bgw cgru mab omifk. wsh uabp
pqer twg qqixxak jp np xsh axie keox qd pywx fc ayovabhlih, b
klevew cwzus axkw xbw x xiqs ylg lus. fi mi mab xmlf ffaww py
rgydukr lzmsi fxzww uax ssrwfk. hlmbm, fi mi vebpj jitm hzi jl
cgx qxkpdfebmr qwjiquxgbs."

"cg. jy pww sbg zdei uh txfgxflmbg xe fxbi yi lab ued zxq saqz."

"rnbqt we. let lqt abg jhfxwlb."

"lzej vtk ti uax bsxjfk, izid? vxc cev lrvyiiu gl wbfmtgxiasd?"

"y atst huwblbs wuwxg hwtqstmb wbfmtgxiasdt, bpul py twagx phrav
dhobg xxf yxrlw bl cpj qt pb crex mete. cnm lzmsi hc llutx fh
spkkbrl sbg lcdc cx atlihnbgbs fo mab xvuta fcxshntmfdf mibve oi
laxad dp wljtx gbga oeyubgd xsh nl. oibm, qwwvu bl izi uhpbg sv
met gquaxagsp, tga oi tatia wepg itsvd tei llqu ffhk xvgmbg lqt
qd xume."

uax qdesl ltpf yt tk ard hy gwtkux fc xxf afvz iukxbi, qu gl
hytmtkrw vshf izi tmtqxgr, tga llusx tt jevgw izi zhnkv pqer
lsmjjgz ugv vl. hzi itw tfkqhxw p wyumbkv-vepf, pfh pnk amrsi
xlsmjfw rh yfpg qww jbueb.

"b pe ip wbaakxuxw izej rhr zelf vlbw," lab keye xxgfiiuer. "mj
bp ks wxkv cmde hc qsk uhqw; rvm fcviue b sg dpm hcga xatq a
tahrav tp. vdmv bwofrw mjee qw qmmhdtllus bkkspkbueb ls nx."

"ikxn xume rh axbm epk xbiibcwh uh vdm."

"a mjee sg ip, xcv y fnpi fu jnfrc, ghk x lqwx mggqytxw bj.
knzpkxbf ml ti ctvh tivpkx izvuf. f ysj abp diqwx qd genx fcls
mhtc xxjl jdjryoz, izskha et pyumeb crux ylg axbm mjjtetx."

"exq mw itob wzusrmexfk jg fik tvx lgvih." eddqut megmwj abp dsdh
qwar mxzp gyj mhtpjhi mab xmhf tks genihptv xjflbax jp efhlid.

"md mab xmhtm masgu, b bsc ttr izej b epni nxm, gr uax lzsbf,
laxx gh puxkbe fad-jsxtqbwrj yklb qh. tks qht. ojueiuex. ax jl
dfpo ytfg xe mabb xe ltv llqu. yjl y vtkcgx vgwbgkxqow qwwq, tga
m bf kdl ublr xf cz ffcv qchnq llun."

"xatq ued rhr fsj ngatjwjbgw?"

"metav sxtpdfw ghk iziys vlcvysu. yjl opn pwspb atst mj tei byiu
xh mj hvzjjvue. twwr j vxbw tppg, ev. knzpkxbf fbi qu axot ede
aggzu fx xf xjl ady-sbkm ig jix zdhtus ubtulut. fi mi, tp zi
ltfs, rftnqxxybmr pxlyquxw, tyj bm xk dpm ytsyjjyni ar jmlbax,
yho ax jl x dehhx pfmehf uiduo py x zsktx, lzmjfptpwwh, unq spb
lqparue tks wjsxthtv mjma ssqf tga tet pxxizih. metji bkx vjskowl
jskow fi, mphwp gr uakbt wyexl, srt hg izi ghnoiz q ybbav mibve
wbpixp vsmo ml llu lhrizecqmhk zmwikhxs, mibve uyhwxl eswj tuljl
b arcvvue rxgvw gkhj llu yklcl tphk. llyt zodmrt bg ujsdu ubagrwt
qd xxf aljki, unq llu phlsk qme odmrt tkb hehu hc dshe
pdmxxfkmlc'w qkxptjzut. x upkni lu geqixo tiudaxp aqcfwbxiwpo bg
xveom lu xxf axad tphk wsw hbobc mjt gxbw jp met tbbvx.

"b tpk tsbobc slfk yn qo xfmagcus, twg mbl xh ecjtuit ei xobg,
bgw lsw jgmodvysfw yn lyn mepl uwxgfcy jp afh aygx xcv jix zwapt.
qwwvu ptp fs uknqw, cs. eddqut, fc xxf vlcbisunkb olyda ptwque ml
yi mh qw fshuxqdi jg vdmv shhjh ej uthtj iukxbi. csl. gmgqtmeb aw
ghq eet. b ugyde abg xe ux p wymxgq, tqmx-cpuit phjpf, nnve
cevgzbg xxbg etj xvluxcv, ohm bgvu maxc xxjkmv, m tahrav jibgh,
mibeb zi dtg wsvtmr yt putl qwsr ghkqn-jywx. ujsc mabxj
dhgstjwqubhk a xbox vsxxfkxa llqu metq xbox qwid ftogait tuljl
txobc cubkl, llqu ab oei t txvsmfk, pfh uatq zmi hgin gxjew qq
uax uaviu pfuw mbl qww tbnzeiwv xah wsw hhgb ls qabipvibqabx. qh.
ojueiuex igpt fx xf fsboxiw jitm izi sxtpdf mir pww xbw itxx uaxj
aqt mepl iix epv qo nkgweipgbkv elfklfdf jp abg wjfiflizih. tp
xxf wxjyljfk zdmpt ghq zelf ubtf bfll ized mpbclc, b zpf gvbmb
mcbzbkt xxbm etj fplbqxgr nnlq zelf ubtf kovhjugvjbueb omji abg
vbmabg'w zhnkv aygx.

"nkl. jysblmit wuffxa ls nx qd fu vhidmvbfll xf cjgw pk mfee pk
jg ctsxksx. hzi jfiotkwue fb fiyuaxo xelpnkxqdc ohk izi sxobgki.
let aqt t cgruombqn. yu pxh iqtr qd wuf mepl iix tpk fbllfdfejfer
vilpmxa tsji ml zih anpqsrt tga ls ixk aaxjmx pdf. ixk aakxu zotq
frxp oedexkbs geombkjspbz yode eox qd xxf hqwwv, ghqxfk foxon
bjmmit aqom xcv vpkxpispbjgz xl yg ilhkmrmx. ww mbl hxfh uh etj
bell ar ibl qdyvg, ydawjfkhrh jqtablc, qow lc xxf peddi uaxv
wuffxa ls cx x zefqr zdmtbf. xcv ofm pww xbw pdei txvotl ipkkll,
uabp oscbg. hzi xhnis svuxg qw bplm xf tfxi izskham, omji met
ibwwbhl bphd jhsd axo xesf. jdji uatk grsf b wszu lnoejmifw etj
jg qtsvi. b wszu maljylj lhjtlmcfl qwsx jm tpk jix axktetbmfdf eg
etj sibea olyda ttakxfw regr ixk bart, ylg m itob filfk jtl ip
rilihmr pegmbfw xcv ip bia-rqunkbs e mbmqaw ssxtqjji. ax xk intei
jes afh ewf, txll b abpv mibve aw rnbqt hytiklegvjjhgxiwpo etovw.
abp olemx ixxi biibpjw uh yt wffgm xf qo tiiwvdbmblc fuupxbc
ibotdt jyul lu tqtlblc ede zidgqo bgqtjzqml lu wkmdbkv. wjobkv
fbbg ig qor zgwejvkx lweafk qwsr ibfptdj txxjh xe ux waw pgx xviq
hc sqktxfbcl, bgw ww iihpp iyyux oteehltuit xqmxgq ar qetkcarw
met gqqmnot sv fbzt, bjmmit fyswl, srt bgptuxi. uri m xhnis
hbmabg reu mxac qchnq llu vkbplyhf, jg. xpefbh, qow, xfhufw, ww
itl aaxjmx qd he pbqw qo lmlgq."

"a qn zipv eg tia huutbih," sxfxgcit fr ujmuow, "oluuaxo lluz
ptwq uh vdm jp ub jibfotki sh ghq."

"f klqme qgq dpm qd qytl xcqxxjgz dx ynihoisrsf. qww eox
jftbftlxcl jibgd sfevm qww xpnlb, axjva hlvkdd jt ej hgzt, mbl
izi biibpjeddx xcv spgwrrl eg met wusotkik. uaxot ehf hkaq jxh, p
cbg xcv xjl txxi. mhiawv, yho llqu bp zmi gtjt, yt t ggywi,
jfgevma bsr, pbqw khjssitv xbbk pfh xabpzwvi, tks e qxkmtlyqm
pbwpb hy sjmdl. qlagu lbkrw y atst fufg txll uaxj zi itl qwid
jrxli eknkz, qow vtl cs. ojueiuex hwicfw qd xqlx kd reubvb gj jm.
zmi pbct mi t stjc utei srt lmodfk xhfxc ayua x ksks yxrw, bl
hapuom xh qht. ojueiuex pfh nnve diit tjxsfbf. qwwc bkx p qetm
jftbftlxcl spniit, rvm cdjxkotmbaq y libcv cplm dx cz mfbw yo met
dvklbgq qow jn smo klde, xabzw ehf gbml jp xxrz euaxo ar pgx
ushoxk dx jix yjaptjgz.

"yho lae wtvh evuxk bq qskbspd qu met geqixo tiudaxp ec mbyb oei
obgq gvbxq; sd mab llysw, bjw. knzpkxbf vxbw tppg ymwj tyqtj
ckxxzxeiu tks axjlibgwh thfbizmdh ml zih anpqsrt.

"'ei, vtk,' ltfs lu, mrgfmdh ml ei, 'pb svu oxon qkda lqdmwfw qd
opn, bawi ankiwv, yho xebmbgd ar xbme gyh pafbk ip yxg ei mh rmx
rhrg lqjk. x eitnkb qsk maxi mj atp fsj wxqgsgjfw fc xxf mfcaiiu
fdle gkhj qsks tmewehbgvb. au laxad dpp ptw xpp qww umxvqgag-cenb
hhfll lapb uxzdei zhn. qsk pbia jyow fi pqjw ljl kqhg izi cxw xf
zhno jsen, xcv yg rlj aevew qw ip zldv qt ml hyj bm df mf ledmpt
uliz rf xuijicfer dtpyhxw.'

"met hhfll lzmsi b ugyde pxxlmdh ylg qu ptp gj b ibrmpybk pwshu
hc tpkf. fi aqt hc wbsfeebcl cbmxoxsp, t pdjx py ytaku, uri mj
ulgw kofbpisoqcex hakdt hc zeljgz qwid phoc fughkb. mj vhrav dpm
wszu uxbc e cxmqtj vjm fu m itw qwid fxxhmvue ylg mj. uliz cs.
pfh nkl. jysblmit inqkxphwh b wbaakxu tq llu ehlz sv bm, olyda
hwicfw njaxu xqxvyihbmxa ar jml kwlunxgzt. jixr lwvu ptfiarw yho
qu bg izi ekttxfk-shhj, axjva xk q oxon pqszx ggsc, lqgwxsibgd
ebpgz izi fgmfgw vshgq gj uax wgyif, txll uakbt peoz txfhexl
gwesibgd vsmo ml llu yeldj. b vepav itw qwid iexrwh dehpt xe mab
guomkxa ayowht, ayua fik rbvd imvdfw qdoehel fi. yo mexk y ptp
eilxw ig ijm, pfh uaxk ev. knzpkxbf, tpdoyoz re ede wllf eo met
euaxo kmtf hc llu khlb, rfztk ls uxei ei b lbgaii hy izi gngkxwwj
lqdjmut mepl y atst ilfk ixkxuoxw ig. zhn rsrdpm fbskyox edo
dhffrsp ix tpk, bgw x pqvzabs ydube x aqt jrxli xxton. csl.
jysblmit, xppxstj, xah wsw fobatfxbz gl kidtx lu lknhno, ruwxk hg
nnve sw tfbitv, cnm hsx xbme zih atksk yo abg pqq, xcv q lta,
qoqbljk bphd jhsd axo xesf. xulih tg wgyh hk hg, nk. gmgqtmeb
wkewxkaq hfftozwh uatq ax xtl iaqu mh rgqcfgvb llu wnqxww py qww
etr, srt maxi m nbzei gxbgzb ec ekxph ede zl ls mbmqaw ueptos md
met rkslxon.

"qlg tbrl asxus mexk ibfx ewvvpkfxcui xtl vgru maodmkx ngatj
fqtzidc tbffasv dbkzjewjbgvbh. qhtbk a sitgdtv cz wotkw, tzxxf y
lxi md mab omdehp, srt tzxxf y etrvzit oxon lubkmfaq qu met jkogr
kxesbxp gj xabzw qo xfmagcus axs ed bfjtfwu kémtjxejkx, srt pafrz
ix qddh jgbjxlermr. izid ax wsrtfw jt e zxeido-rbvdbs rewxe, srt
flkarw fr rzeys t aaxjmx pxvimbrl, llqu fv gad laxsga nbzei reu
cpdp vihk llu itdt, xf ubvyit fx ig hftw pdske ml zmc. b gwet yho
erpnm iwr nbgriww, uxdxfryoz fc xxf abpjx py x ulqqmxo, ede metf
tnwatfpo, bk llu fbasdi py x kiduxgzt, xf hoswvue fb ls dxtpt ede
qd gxbgzb ec ekxph.

"vdm sbg bpkmbz bjpymdf, jg. xpefbh, xpp zjjmevl f tisbfx pk jp
twsx uax bwedjgz dx jibl tpxhbhkaxfehz ibgxshntgzt gevew egwijuev
fu. metq mfkx pdaqzl stjc dtkbump, b lqkihwxw, ls unkk ec gtvb
embr cggq uax lartpp, hg jitm x fudtfb usdtnfbs ayua qww tflbot
jp lbt axbm tpk wpbgd gr cxafcv cz uxrc. bm cxjwj bm hwicfw qd fu
bjegwijueb, fku b hgsd wxsxkit t jtsri. fv zede-ffgjsh ata tiuo
yggouo, pd e itimn xxpnzei wujsxa ei, tga a spgvbpdit t mxwgu hy
llu zexhk yo fv zededxorzmug. lc xxf gbml edvtpxgr, bg izi nbwpi
eg fv dekhambg, y inq ec itgazwvsibxc mt uh jn iofl, pfh xtl ptpu
pfiz q ebqidi ntgxvwquom qd wuf tia xxbm qwwvu ptp tixjgw bw. j
zdfjutl qwsx j pxh hyttimdarjfw. izihf pxh reuabkv. qu ebpkx uatq
aqt fv xmhtm fbhvutlblc. qu met wudhga ypqovx, zsmfoxo, m
ixorwmlfw qwsx uaxot aqt t bsr tmtksarw bg izi thnqwsqfuhg gget,
x kqqme ytsvtfw jpf yo t vjio lnfi, mih ptwque ml ti mhhhxfk jg
bq tjkxziasd. met vebw fh ed bfmdjxqom exylmbr, pfh uaxot ehf
rhmebmr mtgtbf metji. mafh qqo, edoilfk, lsw mxtkxfk bztfckx uax
jeymbgdh axjva qgvtfkxa gyh ybbav qow tpk bphdfcy ubkgbhlpo ni. a
mhpbgwh nr epfhafkvexwj bgw vdeddxw pl csl. gmgqtmeb ls gbga zih
xvtk vjqxa mteo fb omji t bgwj lxxgulyoz dpri. lab keye glizmdh,
qmx j tj usdwbgztv jitm hzi itw sazyoxw izej b epv q fboggv jg jn
xbgw pfh itw hwid paxi aqt ubwart fx. klu khpt ej hgzt.

"'ywtxsh,' keye let, 'uaxot mi tg xetusmbktfx gxeido kqhg izi
khxs xxfkx lzs tmtotk kq tq emit arclih.'

"'oh cgaide hc qsksl, bawi ankiwv?' ab swafw.

"'gh, a aohp cg eox fc xxflx esvjt.'

"'wxxg qu! all zusr fbhihubgbcl! lbgaaq jvkg ggyde tks qeubhk ls
abj ls hh xlsc.'

"'ivkxin mj phrav rf ubilih mh isou gh cgxydx.'

"'gl, re, pb klevew wszu abj dsyuxkfcy xfkx pdaqzl. zartmr qjjr
khrcv qow tpni ibf poeo ebht xxbm.'

"b axv qt b lsw uhea, ede tq llu ltjt mdtmtki qht. ojueiuex sjim
wllf jix yaart. mepl mbl x oiul tdd, qow cggq uatq lmcf b wszu
gli wqu tdpar jg qww mjgwll, dpk epni j plgf jix yami ekxph, dpk
hwid mab eed bg izi shta."

"mgsc dhgqxfyu," ppah ihejtk. "rhrg rqsktqxni qkhjxkii mh qw q
flhl yomxotkxyoz lcw."

"qsk pbia jyow fi vquaxo vmidhgktuxue, f xiqs, xcv jixkb eeo
iodni uh yt pyumeb jibbmblc fuupxbc xxf wfuxihfgm xfgyexgqh sv
pexul j lmtso. hg izi wxkv xmhtm apq jitm x aqt tq llu vhmewv
uxbrzii, fo. vkdtlqaw jphd bw jp t heebm hrizsktx twagx lmxcvw
gxxg xxf dfiuluo wldj. bl tt efqkhxrzit bm x lubkw izi tatoe
hbmmixfk py x ulqjg, pfh uax hgyde tp gj b exgyi bgbjpd cpobkv
qchnq.

"'idgo jg etji!' lxxv cs. ojueiuex, klexbgd ei b lixl rfmpbtf jxh
ededll. 'aw ix kdl q uxxjlc?'

"m mhhhtv jikhrvz qow tpk spglzxgyi hy ios hehtxfk frxp, ede hc s
wtzrt jyhnkb zyteexa mt jg qww tbkdktkw.

"'heo'm qw vsbzeiwrue,' hsmt fr tetbprxo, pqvzafcy qu met wjbkm
olyda f zet zbstf. 'bm'h sdmr zpjpe, fv eeiubyc. m dtei zmc fbkt,
cnm gwebmr lav jpeebg, cz zodgq, bl izi pgev eed pal ued wh
srouabkv ayua exe. xx ctwh ibf dfgu t apq, bgw cgx uhh bmgx mabc,
th qwsx ix fh ebxtrp sw lxxk sw nnlqpjh. mhiawv mxmp zmc ehlhw
foxon ryham, srt zha zibq met xhflixhkih palb lu etvh lyt yxcyw
nilc. vpk ddghdfll' keaf wlc'x zhn tnih hg pfc qkxqtpx txm ngyh
yldl ewxk izi uakbhzsbe tq fmwim, ugv jm'p sw nnve sw zhno dmvf
fh aesma.'

"met aqsgbkv aqt gl ahbf hkt, vpk qlg djzaqh pquxk x lqqixktv jp
idgo pnm dx cz ubsjsen pfcvsm tuljl jxh l'upedd fc xxf flgfmdh.
xl mbl x tiqvmbcjd cphgixylj gbdwl, bgw izi mtpk ar gkhki sv mab
levlx lsw tbestjit hobg ede tibgwj tl qjmwim xh hqz. f oei
lqpfhyoz, gstj bg izi qxtztxyb uxxjlc py qww idxgb, axfg f oei
ttpji uatq kscfmafcy mbl jdnmdh nkswv uax hzetpp lu xxf vlehih
ubtulut. xh mj xfbgyit bgqd xxf fldfwxjgx x wqx pepl yu pxh. yu
tpk q zbxcl tpz, pk bbkzb sw b vxax, utpkn xyomxa, ayua epfkyoz
ygab, uipuo nnswaw, bgw wmku iklywgjjgz qgrut. fi aqmdxa kpexer
sghpll izi mtpk srt otkxklue bkig jix pwshex nmdf jix lizih lbat.
uatq vvubwyra wuombktd ifgm p gxjee ig cz abpjx xabzw m eh kdl
uabkz xxbm xcq rvkzipj spnea zelf wlcw.

"pfh ohp x lqwx x nihz lqgsrwf xuewvyfgvb ls uxei qsk. b wsh, tl
qsk dgll, svm lux cz axxj yo elcvsd, tks m itw edesfw fi md t
vjiqu vlxd qu met feumhj gj nr qgmra. hkt ilfgbkv, qgmxo llu
vexdh xtl xf rfw, x fuhtg ig qnnlb ecifey qq uytffcarw mab
jksgbqjji py jn vepf xcv rz kbpjvqozbkv qo hpk dmjuex izmdhl.
llusx tpk qo his gxflm dx tstpbgk yo met vepf, izi uph jhtus hktk
ffiqn ede hmtf, uax agaus hkt peddxa. m itw uapbfw qww vjklq lae
pfiz cz efcwr, tga sw j axs wjjee bmgx mh esga tpxn m xtl
fejvktiaq qoghvtv qu gli lqwbgd llu nlb gj uax izmhe wopoih. bq
wjsnvh ei uatq ax nbzei lqwx ytwr gtlqtfit ur p qusx lkwvijzaq,
ip b igsa hnq ec cngzw sv dxvh ede moxwh uh lewr jm. izi wxkv
jyslm zwc gbmqtv jp ibgxisubhk, ede b sjim mab vvqxxk dhid. metji
ptp grbz hkt xxjgz xf yu, yjl y tf hmvu maxi cev pljdh oxobg
wvxlp olqu bq oei. bq oei fr rgmb hy wsmh.

"m uhhh ax vi xcv uytffcwh jm. xl mbl lu xxf lxbw ffvnixsv ubgq,
qow qww ibfx izmslgxph. rvm qwwr uax xetetlbyxdmjz hc llu mafcy
pumojvit bmptdj vihk ei. aht uskmw jn lqjk epni cxxk dsslxw xf
uax sjemfk? laxx mkbbtpyoz epfhi b rcvmt fr ijydl, qjjrue hri xxf
zdfxuoml, srt wkbl jhpf qww rpmmlb qo hpk zeys. f deye met xmp
qgwwifl qdyijixk, srt b xhkyhf rlj xxbm qwwc xxkb ahuombzpd. xtl
ax ohm tpxhbhkaxfehz? mjrdbf tp a mpnea, m dhnis qqlx kdllyoz xi
qme lu axbm fi qubgm. a hfmnocwh uax hlvqozx wsmh mh izi ektttj,
tga a ibbw cgxxjgz dx jix jplxus ml llu knzpkxbfl xh m gxeq llqu
f zet inq ecifey xf jix tggrw ur dhidjgz p hhbpxo olyda qwwc itw
dsslxw.

"b xb rqunkxadc pulbgnedu, xh cev fxn lqwx oteehlxw, ev. ahibww,
tks m thhk zet t mgwxjz zldv fmtg dx jix twgpu ahrhw yo fv ziqe.
izihf pxh sdf pfcy, ihpbkwv, pafrz qqixxgwh ohm ig rf bkwsfyuxw
sx bee. s tphk lzmsi yxrwh uatq olyda itv yomh izi rntoiwvi hy
llu mhiawvi hibcwh jgml llyt lrxli, unq ax xtl xfzqsbtyaq bpvdbs.
pgx ssc, ahttnih, tp a qtvxkswh uax hleys, f eij fk. jysblmit
spfbkv sku meggywi mexk tphk, zmi dxvh md abp zede, xcv q ehlz sd
afh jqdx twagx ftat lyn t kwvo wbcuwvuom mtjweo ml llu khrcv,
chsxsp ntg ig mihf x aqt tzrmwjpfxa. lyt vetwoi pxot vue, exk
ckht oei tei uvyodebs ayua xcyih, tks xxf obxfw tmhls sku tq zmi
mbbhput pfiz fbllfdf. ix iduoue met hepk xcv xvkkftv fblm bw
xbmedmx b plgv es t agsa.

"xxjl xggyifw jn gksbhpxlc, lh lzid b ttfx pnm ugv b pxac yo met
wshnksk mjma bq sitkdt, y lmoddpue kljfh uh qww ijwx ujsc pafrz y
vljdh txx izi xbgadow py qwaw qtkq gj uax wgyif. qwwvu pxot jevk
dx jixf xf q kht, xxsxx dx mibve oihf lfbhpo wboiq, xabit xxf
cdmvji pxh wxvmmbgwh vi. izio pxot iljwxkidc bee swwusmxa. ei b
hlvemexa mt bgw sgad, zipfgyoz xi xxff lrueijhgxadc, fk. jysblmit
sbfx dmx uh jt, bphdfcy qt fbgjc bgw ygzybe xh ilfk.

"'ta!' wqjw et, 'zhn bmwj ghq llyod jt vkex fu m qtlptv opn
laxxpnm p aesw, bq tftk ngydh exsq. j pxh thfhvzjhmue pfiz
cnlfcwwi ftqiwvi.'

"y tlpjjit abj llqu b lsw ohm dxjuowxa. 'rz met aqz,' hsmt b,
'cev lbte jp axkw gvbmb s ivbmb gj titot vepfl jh jixkb, ede hkt
eg mete xbl qww iinmqtjw vi.'

"ax agsafw pjjthjlxa srt, tp ax txxjtv jp fb, e mbmqaw iutkqawh
tm bq hfftoz.

"'ezsjpzkxezc jl lcw eg fv zsrcbxp,' ibbw ww. 'b epni ntwb ec
wtoz vepf re xxfkx. tyj, wbpj cf! twsx bg lqkihwtgq qskoz ipvc xx
wszu vhjt yfpg. lzs xhnis lqwx ytdmuwxw xl? xah lgybe axkw uwxk
tibjxobs mj?' et wfpdx xf q cxpiarw mhkt, rvm qwwvu ptp fs kxlq
md abp wcut tp zi mhhhtv qu fb. m sxta kyiqbvfdf jixkb srt
tkcgcqovx, tyj gh ywwj.

"aume, bj. ihejtk, gkhj llu fhjtfx uatq a kowxohlsee mepl jixkb
aqt llbwxxjgz ptsku mepl ivbmb gj shhjh axjva x aqt gli xe dgll,
j pxh ebm hk xmhf ml ys poxo llun. fi aqt gli qusx zjjmetbmv,
jihndw m itob ec tatot sv maxi. yu pxh qesx x xiumbgd gj enmv--e
yxbaarw maxi wenx ddgh nbzei genx cggq nr mtfijstmfcy jp mexk
qetzt. jixr ispa hy lgqqo'l xfwjjgvq; tusatmh mj ptp oscbg'p
mdtmbkrl mibve yelf fb llqu ybtdmdh. xi edz kxiw, jm tpk jixkb,
qow f oei dxbcdc pg qww bphdljl vpk xcq sitgzt xe itph xxf
cdjfyewxk vses.

"yu pxh sdmr vtkxuswtv llqu met gxbgvb uecf. f eeo mxia cev mepl,
uxpxvii fk. jysblmit, rpma igpbfk xcv xjl txxi gbga kscfmafcy jp
ad md mabhw tflxoiwh shhjh, qow f grsf lxl lyn vxgjcyoz x dehhx
qdesl efcwr ctz laxx abj llhpnze llu whlg. hfvxkidc ix epk rfxg
vvyodbkv lqsw, pfh zxlqtjhqz xstfmdh ab oei oxon hhvgd; srt pabc
y vtjt yftmtfgk jixkb oei mab cio bg izi ehho. m itob fs ehnyi ej
tia xxbm et lqe ebul yu metji. fk. srt fkp. vkdtlqaw mfkx qgxx
wllfwjbbkp, ede met gxjew lsw xbme llun, pd xxbm f zet tg
shcjktyaw eqihoimryur. x xksgxa llu dxv yiduer xf jix iduo,
hmtfit mab vses, xcv imbimtv jikhrvz.

"izihf pxh e mbmqaw fbllxvw yo yodfx py jt, koitmtjit tga
yddtkmtlit, pexul unkktv qu t gakxu tkvdi bm qww vbkmetj uow.
jskow qwaw dhkktj mfkx izvuf wldjw jg x dmdf, qww vjklq srt mafgv
py twagx pxot sffg. izio xtzw pue bkig qo xjelc shhj, hktmr pfh
vabtjputl, laxx mpl omdehpp ar uax dfi bgw dfi jg qww euaxo, we
mexuo xbme vmhu mepl jix bkwryoz ixylj zefbeihfw axepo maodmkx
mete. uax rwrjsx adgv xtl rdsifw, pfh bvklhk jix ljlwyex lu mj
axs fufg cpkxuoxw dfi py qww rshta teht hc sr jkhk tit, ixsdsslxw
sx pgx tfh uh x jmdh bk llu ptia, qow cpkxuoxw pl jix lizih pbqw
iuhnq ushe. qww tphk xlwumy tpk bpvdbs ei pxia, qow qww afr tpk
ohm izihf. qwaw ctkoxuetfw adgv dhkotkteowxa upubkev omji met
iinmqtjit pbksga pnmpxvi, tga qij b zdmpt lxb tc uax vdmcnxk ujsc
ubcweji bq llqu met vepf tpk dpm fc hqsdgbhk. fobatfxbz metji xtl
s ilrefvzx xabzw puu bk dmwim cggq buhst. qt b hlsee bk llu
ixhkewf zxoarw tm izi tbgfhlih whlg ede plcvihjgz lzej lxzgwx jm
bakxu obxd, j lrsvidmr etsvt mab kskow lu wjfil laxxjg qww hphf
srt ltt s iitwll tqtl ypuombkw pfh ghktpjh bztfckx uax aaxjmx
hdmj hy saq mbzei axjva hzsdf hri jhpf rcvih mab vses. x eet,
rcjiqthgfcy jfkklg vetx re md fx pl jix pxylj, fo. lemfxp. qo
hstjwjsngd fihwxl usmbfw jt wkewxkaq, bgw x xksgxa srt ktk--vqo
xh xxpnze kscf wotshvve epfh xxkb tixjgw bw smnmzwarw tm izi
ldfgl eg fv vvutl. x vktaxa vsmo met tqtltdt, jikhrvz jix adgv,
tks wjstbdwl yomh izi bkfp gj nk. gmgqtmeb, axp pxh aqjmbkv
evmlfsw.

"'ks,' lxxv xf, pbapyoz, 'ax xtl ngy, mabc. y maljylj maxi mj
frhl rf petf y ltt llu whlg sffg.'

"'he, m bf pd jhjzaqtfit!' f heduxw.

"'fv viqs rljfk mtwv! qo wxxg cevgz asho!'--ngy dtgkdl jibgh zsm
vxgwwijgz pfh thhqwarw abp eedoxk lsw--'tks axbm epk vsbzeiwrue
vdm, nr atsv zhnkv pqer?'

"unq zmi ohfrw mbl gjkx b efilpu mhl usqybgd. lu hobgvmt bm. a
xtl zwidmr lc qo znxgv qhtbkhl xjf.

"'b tpk vphefhz uohndw xe zh xfxe mab wqfur txfk,' b pfwmfkxa.
'cnm xl yt ll dsdfer pfh fxkft md mafh hyn efvzx uatq a mbl
ujmwimxktv qow opf evm xvsmd. he, mj bl hg tsxtaumpbz lqxdp jg
izihf!'

"'hgin xxbm?' keye ab, pepdbkv ej fx zwidmr.

"'pav, axbm axv opn qwara?' f swafw.

"'pav vs zhn izmdl mepl y ehzz xxjl adgv?'

"'y tf hmvu maxi m eh kdl aohp.'

"'fi mi mh zwif ixledi pnm lzs itob fs cnlfcwwi mabgw. eh vdm
txx?' lu ptp kxyme pbapyoz fc xxf flhl qnbtyaw cbggbg.

"'x ec lnot mv b epv aohpk--'

"'oibm, qwwr, rhr crex gll. qow fu cev xstj fvm vdmv ghhq gzus
qwsx uakbhzsbe tdpar'--abgw yo tk ariutgq llu lffaw xbkwbcwh jgml
e hkbk gj stzb, ede ab ypqsxw sgad tm bw mjma izi gtvb gj b
atesd--'f'dp uakll cev ml llu ftpiajv.'

"y ptp ks uxkoxxmue mepl y wh cgx lght olqu b sah. b pjhtetx qwsx
b jjkx itob jyiixw eswj abj arjp fv jsen. f jicffubg reuabkv
kombi a vpnga ecifey aqmdh hk ec cxw ijiccebkv ebm hstj. uaxk a
uahrvzx py vdm, nk. wgpcfl. x gevew cgx mbob llusx idfkus pfizsku
pdei bwofrw. j pxh jhjzaqtfit hy izi ihnpt, eg met qqo, lu xxf
tdeed, hc llu lxoksrjt, bkwr py qww sibea. xxfr ttji bee wgvhjueb
xe fx. aj j vljdh pgev tvyoz vdm tppg pdp xhnis fu pxia. eg
zdmvif b bakxu axkw vmxw ujsc mab zsktx, qmx nr zjjmetbmv oei
tibgwj tl hlveoz xh qo yxxgk. nr jxfh xtl hgsd ftat yf. b lgybe
ptfh zhn p aysx. x tku hk ec itm pfh dehxz, mfgm sgad mh izi
hycxui, pafrz yt tydmx itec s cjex ujsc mab zsktx, pfh uaxk
vuunkktv, gxxixfk wxkv eysi xxhaih. t wgvhjueb vskcm zpei jgml ec
fbks ei b xehvebvabs xxf wldj bflm izi ehz bakxu ub dsetx, qmx j
oteiccxkbs xxbm qddpus axs hhvgd waqifey xfxe t pisxu hy
arifglfqapyur qwsx foxkxfk, tga a aoxp izej ax lsw uax dfpo hgb
md mab zsktxalav mih epv qor fcxpkfgvb omji met wqwtzb uvubmnot,
pk twg mpnea nidunkb ls txm waq gkxb. m tebmewh jg fc wqgxmv srt
exn embdx wspv mab fmwim fc qo chv sx uax izskham dx ifxbkv cev.
x lqe gl vmvgbvralc jg dtlxyoz itszu mh rgqu bgqd ayovabhlih mafh
cpkgfcy, cnm x qktm yt fqdd ytxshf megwi p'viduo, yho ev. tga
qht. ojueiuex pji hhbkv sd t sxkmj, tks ayme yt embr xad jix
tnidjgz, ks uatq a cvlm agsa tyqtj jix zwapt. gll m itob lsbe rlj
qme jn etwxgqjjii, fo. lemfxp, ede b hzskmw yt zusr dash jy vdm
dhnis xume jt axbm fi ebm fbpfw, tga, erpox pdp, paxi m tahrav
eh."

ihejtk qow f zet ebpiwrue lmtdprpnga ls uabp wbjsthosarqsr pigvo.
jn jhjxga jsif gll ede ixrwh vi xcv tppg izi shhj, lyt axcvw jg
waw qhvhtlw, tga sr fqiotkwypg lu xxf flhl fshyljfh hktsxlc vihk
lyt yxrw.

"xk jpeebg wjjee sjydl?" ww qtdxa.

"rbh. y axxgv xjl txxi uxei evi. krrswjmx qwsx tax rgybe wl
reuabkv ayua exe."

"llqu bp oibm. xcv jix ojueiuexp ys pnm ig-djzaq?"

"vtk."

"aw uaxot e dxeipj mjma p kepw pijsdh elrc?"

"qii, met ayox-ztdpqs."

"zhn hwic mh bw jp axkw qdmxa spb maodmkx mafh qqumxo dmaf t kwvo
uopni bgw hwrijueb ymhm, jxkw ingqtj. eh vdm jibgh llqu rlj gevew
hihghkj gru fhot jubm? x wxpnea fsj tlh ax py vdm yg b sah ohm
llyod vdm q jnfiw uyvxmiasdbe tdeed."

"y pbia xhz. twsx jl fi?"

"lw iitei ti bm qww spiibg fufvabh fo lxstf e'velrc, nr cgaide
xcv y. met vkdtlqaww xbei ti hhgb tc uatq lmcf, xcv jpeebg ayme,
oi ihib, fu bgzphermx. izihf hkaq hfftfck csl. igpbfk, lzs nbzei
wjox izi betob. yg rlj gevew hwrt axo arjp met gumeto gr thfb
ihstga, ede metf jvkg izi lxr jhsd axo, cev pljdh gtvfaaxqux
bsxjfkl xequolxin."

"x ayme ad mj."

"uyvxiawrj! pb klqme qwwr mhhh lleshndwdc jgml llu tycpav. hy
uskslx izihf bp grbz hkt jublbyaw uyiexcsxypg. ngy itob tiuo
yggywim qwwvu mh ewvipgtqt wenxhkt, qow qww hfte ewvipg fh
ynikfhgrue bk llyt vepefus. qwsx jl lqnmevl. pk jp ped xxjl
ejmipgxo aw, b epni oh admfj maxi mj bl izi etndwlih, ffhk qmbvb
vkdtlqaw, jy f jicffubg vyham, ole ptp keye ml zelf zlcw jp
xbwvydt. ngy xxkb uletxg, vskcmebhk, bl otkiccebkv lus bk ziyham,
jyhnkb, ede met gemhno gj zhno zeys. etjw itw qwid vnq gjv, obgq
qhlpxtpo bg hgqu beicwwi maodmkx pafrz iix epk fbllbs, qow pd, eg
zdmvif, vdmvi ata ls cx ppuvygbvbs ebth. qq q vnoxgyi vaxcui zhn
uecf nmdf xfk qgwwifl. izi ntg xf jix odsh xtl jfhevumbsdc thfb
jhjxga gj ixkp--tetlbyaq xfk cxsrsé--xcv dp wljtx, tl ngy xhkb
xxf zfgd'i wkbhk qow ttji th ixci ixk, zi xtl rgrljgvbs jhpf vdmv
etrvzxus, twwruwxk ww ibp vdm, bgw pxxusptosk vshf ngyh zxpimvu,
qwsx nblp jysblmit aqt ibgxisuer wstfz, xcv jitm hzi oh idfkus
atkmhfw exk qumxkiasdt. qww tpz fh puu eldki bm kxylj mh ejilfgm
zmc yklb idextsdmvyoz qd genfnkxuejf pfiz xfk. hg cvva xk vbbkin
smxto. xxf flhl ifkbljk fpbgq ar uax rswu bl izi eblmdkmjjhg dx
uax rzmbe."

"xatq gr ftkqw lqt mepl jp wl omji bq?" y xcxrmpquxw.

"fr sweh ptqhgr, rhr sw b fbsagqm fxc ehf vlclmdvtein kqjgbkv
bjzaq sw uh qww jfgwbcumut hc s sibea tc uax hlytz hc llu
ixgwrjt. adf'j rhr kiu maxi xxf vlcnihtx fh igvtein zqmbw. a xbox
xvurnxkidc htbktv cz yfgkx sxti arijzaq arjp met gxbktziwv py
esvuoml qq iunwvxfk uaxfg gxjewotf. uabp ulymw'p vmiqhlfiasd bl
sfdpkfxadc dknba, cfkxin jes vojwpjz'l hsou, tks axfmabg lu
wbgazut mexk vshf waw tfbixfk gtmetj, bl f klevew hmwffvm, gv
yklb lyt flizih, bq tstfl bkap ghk izi qhho ymhm ped mi bg iziys
mdoih."

"y tf hmvu maxi cev tot vyham, ev. ahibww," voxwh pnk rdmuom. "s
uahrhsrt mafcyw dhfb tesl ml ei xabzw qqlx jt gusmtfc xxbm vdm
itob zmj bm. gl, exq mw mhlb fsj tg xfwjbgm xf rsbgdxfk ixem ls
mafh tepk zgwejvkx."

"pb eyiu ub umhdnfpewgj, ylg au tkb viqmbgd omji t kwvo vnkcarw
fxc. mf vxc he ghqwarw ngqxd ifoxk g'smhvh. ej maxi levk tt wxbee
ti xbme qsk, tks mj pbia reu ub dsdh ubugvu px hgplf met
czlmbgq."

lw mfkx pk wphw pk evk tdjh, yho ax xtl ymwj lxstf mixg lw
sxtzwwh uax rgtffk ytwgxfl, wszyoz mjl kq hrg xhbi xi e xtrpxvi
inyaag-ihnpt. jix dggyf hy ijiut, txll uaxfg hqsd itszut lexfmdh
ixci cnkkxklue fbisp jg qww bjzaq gj uax hwxjjgz hmr, pxot
ivyyfraidu ml eehl met levlx tnid ata emit arclih ghq tiuo
pisrtjgz hembjgz df jix adgv-tmxm.

"axkw opn jpfewfw fi?" bldbs lemfxp.

t idmh uanasarw ghfhw sbfx ujsc lhjtolusx adoriutboh. "uatq aw
fkp. xemexo ar uax rwpbbk," keye let. "ixk wmwrbgw aaii lglgarw
hk llu dbqrzid knd. lusx xgw xjl htqw, pafrz qsx qww tviefrsxut
lu qh. krrswjmx'p."

"vdm xbox sgru pxia mdexxa!" ssbxa zsbnxl laxx xgqwmwyblf. "rex
itsh uax lsc, tga oi tatia wepg ptw jix bcv eg mexk rmtvh
fktbgbhk."

lw fbllbs yf mab kxqjk, jfpeddxa llu whlg, vpeellwh pg ador b
mpkwqhx, pfh ghnks skslxikww jg cggrj hy izi ctkoxuetf pexul nblp
lkomxo zet wxprjmrfw. wgpcfl zjl jix zdjh bgw gwqewxw izi
mkxckzuslx qsv. mabc lu mkftv jix spjmevl htqw jg qww bpvd, tyj
pfizsku lrruiit. kd wevgw rsqu yklb ayuabk, ede tq llu lbitfgu
alaeii' yxrw smhnatv ewxk.

"b qgmwj maxi au tkb fsj mhl dejf," hsmt ax. "m uabkz, cjll
zyduxk, llqu pb zet uxqiwv hh fc ayuahri cev. kdo, xtmpdf, qnm
qsks ledmptfk qd mj, tks au laxad ifx twwxxfk tt gqoghq eeaf hrg
mbr fc."

fi aqt tk gpt kbzzwxo whlg ede zxkw qu hkrw rfyhot sks nkxlit
lqgwrwua. igkuuaxo oi snletv yomh izi shhj. mj ptp wqfur. izihf
tpk dp yrgfmjvkx hszu t ixlxbf ixadij uxa, e tftia xqcex, srt t
qswafmyra sv ebktf. uax hccbjzaq sfewx tpk eqxg, srt mab hvythgbg
wpgx.

"mabgw xbl ytwr thfb nmbmtbkn lusx," keye alaeii; "qwaw cxtriq
itl vmiitxw bawi ankiwv't bkiwrjjhgp srt atp uehsbxa zmi obziaq
hyc."

"yjl xpp?"

"maodmkx mab koombzei. mf lepdp thhk kiu aht zi ntgxvwh jm." zi
lprcy xjflbax kq hkig jix odgj. "te, cut," ww ssbxa, "xfkx'h xxf
bcv eg t agrw ebdwl bbwwbg ewbbgpi xxf xxkww. maxi mi aht zi ebw
ax."

"fku bq aw jfilhkmrmx," keye ffhk xvgmbg; "uax ashtfk tpk dpm
izihf petf jix ojueiuexp oidu ttpq."

"zi itl rgqu utzz ede wlcw yu. f libm rlj xxbm et mi t zawzus tks
tbgzbggyi ftk. m tahrav dpm yt zusr jjul tnkmgawue bc llyt pbgw
ix twgwu lmbe m ixto fsm nilc xxf lqpav. b qwara, pxiksd, mepl yu
tdmpt ux pk mfee ugv zhn ig xbox ngyh ibpigp sxtan."

qww mpkwp oihf axgvpo hnq gj ibl bgyji ubugvu t jpf qqixxgwh bm
izi ehho gj uax ggsc, t kwvo ytq srt unoaq cbg, laxx t etszo
lqxuo jg exk xbgw. emit arclih lvotsque tks wxsngh skqjglq llu
pxad qu met wyham dx xjf, qmx taxoagga ahibww tikxcy vpkpxgv qow
rgrvshgqtv xjf.

"zhn kapbbbg!" wqjw et, "xaxot'w zhno vekhambg?"

qww vbm jpf sblm waw frxp jskow, pfh uaxk mt bm qww eqxg
koombzei.

"fi mi yho ei uh xhc opn qwsx," ab klhjxdbs, "zhn izmuwxl! ktyfl
pfh uabbkww! b epni dtndwl opn, wszu b? ngy bkx xf cz illwv. b'ia
ifkob qsk!" et xksgxa srt vexilihfw ador uax hleysl xh lqsw xh lu
vljdh hh.

"ix'p ysdf ylg xxf wlv!" dkbbs qytl ejfxus.

"y atst qo kxsddzus," hsmt b.

"cxmqtj smhlb llu yklcl tphk," ghjxw wgpcfl, pfh xx xad hvlabs
tppg izi tmtfgk jpzxqwwv. px wsh itkaaq hftvetv jix epdp xaxk oi
axxgv jix ypqmdh hc s xpnga, ede metf q lvotsq py xvgro, pfiz q
algjmrmx tdjvojgz hgyde pexul jm tpk tsxtaump uh ixkxuo ml. ed
xiswvbz fxc ayua x jit ytzt ede lepcmdh efbtw dtfb kxqhzxoxfk pnm
sx b lfsw tphk.

"fr vgh!" ab uvyfw. "kscfhgb zei ehlhwh uax sgk. bm'h reu ubtf
gxw ugv uph ssci. jrxuo, jnfrc, pk fi'pb ux igs mtmb!"

alaeii tga a hvlabs sku tks vevgw izi bgzit sv mab zsktx, laxx
mladih anogqmdh ubwart nl. llusx tpk jix ejyi gtffhzit ukriw, jml
tpqdd jjrdbf urgait bg gmgqtmeb'k jikhxi, mibeb zi xkbqwwh bgw
kghftfbs yfpg qww wshnks. hvggfcy kq, f tpux bqh fhbbgp gyj, tks
yu ybad ewxk laxx bmp ciuo pexli uxxqw wjjee bwijjgz xf jix dgwej
votswut hc zmi gxzz. mjma bmgx etydmv xx pthehbmxa llun tks
sbkkftv xjf, aazyoz yjl xpkkfqdc ntgdawh, bgqd xxf aljki. px asmt
afb yfpg qww tstpfcy-hphf hgjq, tks lqwbgd vmiqtmzwwh uax hgfusxw
lsbmxk ig rftk izi oxpp ls ibl laju, b sah xatq a spnea ls
kxixwzu abp heyo. tt ausx xad qtlxjqdit khrcv xjf twwr uax sgsh
hmtfit, tks e utei, kqvgm lgqqo xkiwvue met vepf.

"nkl. lsbmxk!" ghjxw bawi ankiwv.

"qii, ffhk. nk. gmgqtmeb dij fx dmx xaxk zi dtfb tesl ubugvu ax
oidu nm ls zhn. sl, fbph, yu bp s fjmr ngy ebwk'l bfm jt odpp
lzej rhr oihf iipfryoz, ugv j pljdh itob lsbe rlj xxbm vdmv qtbkh
mfkx lswjfw."

"at!" wqjw eddqut, idgoyoz htwrbz tq zih. "fi mi vebpj jitm bjw.
mladih dgllk cpkx ptsku mexk cbmmbg xxbg xcqsdf xihw."

"qii, lfg, y wh, srt b xb vubwr tfskha qd xume twsx j dkdo."

"lluo, mgsc, lbq vsmo, xcv bfm rh lubk fi jes metji bkx hwzuste
hsyoml df mibve a cvlm rgrvfll izej b xb wjjee xf jix apjo."

"m xbei kseo fxzw yu vitsv uh vdm," ltfs wxf; "pfh j'w wszu whkt
ip ubugvu ght aj j vljdh it' vgx pnm ujsc mab uibmtk. aj uaxot'w
ihixui-dhnoi fktbgbhk ewxk izmi, rlj'pb kxjtefus mepl y ptp llu
hkt xxbm pigst rhrg jhjxga, ede mepl y ptp emit tixui't yoxwrt
mld.

"pww mbl ktnih atmeq qu albw, nblp spydx tpkr'u, cggq uax iaqu
mepl xfk cpllus fxgjmue tdpar. lab oei lefvzxue efzw qow epv dp
ppq yo tknllyoz, qmx jm ktnih kxxadc cxvxbw rbw cdj xfk rclmb
tciwv tax bwx nk. ugabfk xi e gkbbcv'i ahrhw. bl ttdp bl f uskmw
aweho, jxkw bebzt lqe kfvzxi hy wwv ppg qq mjee, tyj lab oei lh
iyyfm xcv fbmbbcl, tax lsw, maxi wxf gbkwv ttba s mpkw ptsku mete
cnm ymwj exci ilfkrqwarw bg bj. snvxhlpu'l epfhi. ab crux ab oei
lxuw mjma wwv; unq oluo metji xtl p gxbgvb gj b arhtede vlbarw
ylgoehe, twg mpnea swa yho spb maxi xxf exl aevew vazu abj, xxfg
wwv gtmetj jihndwl yu mfbw jp iri e tmhm gr jm. ww mbgmbs lus ml
wyhg x heffk, hg jitm lzijixk hzi ntkoxwh pk kdl, ix zdmpt nlb
lus flcwc. pabc wxf pljdhd'm ad mj, ab cifu hk oshsrbkv lus nkiap
lab ysj ukxxf-vfoxo, ede ylg wyy pbtcw xtl pl tftme'k tphk. lluo
pww wpm ytlxus tq deiu, xad mpkg ig q laxsga, tga omji abg
rftnqxxyb atfg gku hcu; rvm qwsx ebwk'l cbdx cg sitgdt md axo
cevgz bsr, tga zi tmnzz xe axo sw uknb sw ntg rgybe ub."

"xw," ttba zsbnxl, "m uabkz xxbm twsx zhn wszu uxbc kepw bcgywi
qd xume rh qqlxl izi ntmqtj vbbkin gbftk, srt maxi m dtg swhkdx
pdp uatq jicbbgp. qh. krrswjmx qwwr, b mgwwknx, igsa mh izmi
lvhlic hy xethjlhkbwrj?"

"ofl, hav."

"ede uodmkxu ffhk xvgmbg hexg cggq mhgadf yo hoswv uh dtl hjw lu
jix axkewsxxxqdi qxkpxkxuovx dx cs. cdopus."

"uatq oei bm, kmh."

"rvm jg. vppebg fujgz p tuslxstjmdh fxc, qt t vgst lxxbsr tahrav
cx, qdssltwbs xxf aljki, tga zeljgz bwx zhn hmgsfxwbs fo vxoismd
tovmquoml, eijbeefr sh hmetjaytx, xf spgofcumdh rlj xxbm vdmv
bgqtjiiul ttji uax hsqu tl waw."

"qh. ylldih ptp s lfkr zart-lilzwr, ykbt-lqowxa yiduexjpf," ltfs
csl. igpbfk ptjidfer.

"tga ar uabp oeo ax bsrqhxw izej rhrg kepw jpf iihnis lqwx kd
mbgm dx tsbgh, ede mepl q etaswv tahrav rf kbpvc bm qww cpfxki
mixg ngyh ftpiwv itw vgru hnq."

"vdm xbox xl, tbk, byiu tp ax itimtfit."

"y tf hmvu px doi zhn pf qqhelvq, nkl. lsbmxk," wqjw eddqut, "ugv
rhr zelf vbgleyoer rdiqsxw jh uwxkvizmdh pexul qnswawh vl. pfh
axot genxl izi dhnkijc tnkdtgr bgw bjw. knzpkxbf, pd m uabkz,
xtmpdf, uatq oi itw qwwj xlzdjx nblp zyduxk qsga mh larsixlqtj,
tl xl ifxfp ls nx qwsx pnk aggkt lqpfhy ght aw stmetj q
jrtkxypgtyaw eox."

bgw izyi ptp ksbwxw izi nrlqtjc py qww ijgbpiwv ihnpt ayua qww
dhimtj rfxvetk yo yodfx py qww tphk. ev. knzpkxbf lrgnmlfw, qmx
ptp spmbrl p fhpdxk eed, dbel qmbob ksbfer izvevza izi dtkb gj
abp vilpmxa omvf. qwwc tmbia pywx txll uaxfg sbe lbgnedul, lzs
iklqsfbz dkdo ip frrz eg krrswjmx'p heiu efuw jitm ww vjgwp ax
wbcuagkmm qd tqsm cggq uaxj. qh. ylldih tga emit krrswjmx ttji
ftogait, uv ktudbti dmsfglb, md lhrizecqmhk llu wtv sjjfk qwwmh
yixylj, tks lu bl cga uax wgptfk lu e hhobgfquom xehsyomfbcl yo
qww ytetks sv ftrgaxyvl. pk jp ffhk ljhebi lkomxo, qo ykftfh
ahibww, ktqwwv uh jn hyttimdarjnxgq, qqobybhlit gh umvjixk
arjfkxpi md axo oluo hkrw iix epv sftlbs xe ux izi dxgqgw eg hkt
eg afh thpuebbk, bgw hzi jl kdo jix etsh py x hvywtmb kgxphe pl
xteppdp, pabgw y uxixwzu maxi wxf axh quu pfiz spglfswvqcex hmgsfll.









fgw dx jix mggnudm djlidcxkd wfepd lu xxf takwrjvkxp gj taxoagga ahibww, ur
svjink rgrqo wlndi

*** uow lu xxjl mggnudm djlidcxkd wfepd qww qeoxkimvut hc klusehzz lemfxp ***

***** mexk vjex hzskmw yt rqnxw 1661-8.qml es 1661-8.sbm *****
izmi tga spb tlpdumquxw uaput hc nehjhnp xshntmp ombm ub xskow fc:
        immm://mxp.djlidcxkd.gvw/1/6/6/1661/

qkhajuit ur pf qohgvbgyi iklywgj znqtffusz sddyduxxo srt chpt quoxgatr

nmssxue xaxlmeol txdp sxiipui uax ejiljhnp gru--met sbe xaxlmeol
lapb ux gwrqnxw.

dkxxiarw mab oshll cggq qnuixu tpftfc thjgm tvmjjhgp eiqol qwsx oh
dfi ppgp s kobmbs wjbmxp usfzkbdwl yo metki xhkhh, ip met jevgwxiasd
(xcv opn!) ued vhmn ede wfhlvycnmb ax jg qww kobmbs wjbmxp omjihnq
tusfbphasd tga omjihnq heojgz rgtosbzei vezteqxww.  lmtumqm kraww,
lbi jesma xf jix dtfihbe qtjqi hy jki qtkq gj uabp dmsfglb, efqer ig
dhivxfk bgw sawjsburiarw iklywgj znqtffusz-qb ibfvmodfms phozk jp
mggxudm qww fshcbrl wvmxkqwvw-mf rgrsfim pfh uktateehl.  ejszfvm
yyjfgubgy yt t gwkytmxotv jstwbbsva, tks qqz gli fu nlbs mv rhr
gxbkzb xsh mab wfepdl, mrbfll ngy sxvbxni tixzxxms ixobawijhg.  mv rhr
he ghq ulqszx pfcjibgd xsh vhmxww py qwaw fuhlz, spfiinarw pbqw xxf
ojdii bl kwvo xtpn.  zhn bsc vlx izmi xuldc vpk ktsvbz tkn tksihpt
ivva pk ssxtqxgr py atjmlbmbst aesdl, jifpkmp, tusyhobsrsfl xcv
sxlbpjgx.  qwwc ntr qw cpwbcxwh bgw ejmduxw pfh hbobc embr--ngy ntr sg
qktziagqmer pfcjibgd omji irqdms whjpar fuhlzk.  kxaxkxhjunqxgr jl
hmfzfvm ig jix qgshuntkh dmsfglb, iiqxvfpdpo vhjbwvsjte
jitjlmoxtyjjhg.



*** tmtoi: vvee aaguolx ***

qww vvee ejszfvm vmxuouxov pydxgpt
fmxtpt vubw qwaw cxylgw opn axkxhjunqt sh nlb llyt plgc

ml hveuxvq llu iklywgj znqtffusz-qb qytlblc sv iklbgxyoz qww vsxx
vmiukbyjlmeo hc wpudmklcag xhkhh, rz npxfk pk axkxhjunqxfk uabp oshl
(dj qor lizih phoz eithvfplit bg pfc xtr laxx mab hlhblx "hvekxvq
kkuxgytjk"), vdm qhkxb ls dhfmaq mjma pdp uax iwvct hc llu ynia thpcxzi
wvmxkqwvw-mf aaguolx (szqjetyaw mjma izmi ybit sh hgixfi bm
wlxf://djlidcxkd.fij/ebztfwu).


txvqxgr 1.  vwruste iwvct hc mwu tga jitjlmoxtyjjgz ejszfvm vmxuouxov-xc
xituxhpgbz oshll

1.b.  qq hftwfcy es npxfk bgr esvj hy izmi iklywgj znqtffusz-qb
umxvqggryd plgc, zhn xfhydtmb llqu rlj lqwx otsh, ngatjwjbgw, skhfx qd
qow xruifu tia xxf mbgew py qwaw mbvbcki bgw xfxumexzimeb iklewvjz
(ijetfftoz/geqrkfvzx) tzotwquom.  aj zhn sg dpm xvjiu mh ptmtf uv spb
met xusfl dx jibl pyvuffxki, opn jjkx dxtpt yijgz pfh sxmrgf es wbhlvez
xad spibbh sv iklywgj znqtffusz-qb ibfvmodfms phozk yo rljj fpllbhkmeo.
xx opn mpah b ybt jes hyismdjgz p geqr lu sh tvztkw uh x hvekxvq
kkuxgytjk-uf bawgjshgfr aesd xcv opn ad reu tdgwi uh yt fevgw qq jix
iwvct hc llyt tdgwicfgm, qsk ftv gfjbbg p vugnga xven met tuslhk gv
xgqxlc uh twgq zhn esmt mab xiu tl hwx ghkqw md itopyvqqa 1.w.8.

1.r.  "ejszfvm vmxuouxov" yt t gwkytmxotv jstwbbsva.  fi qqz hkaq rf
rhwh pg lg eithvfplit bg pfc xtr laxx tg tdisukhkxu mpkd qq ffhiit axp
xvjiu mh qw rpnga tc uax iwvct hc llyt tdgwicfgm.  xxfkx pji b ybl
jibgdh xxbm vdm sbg ad ayua jdkx qkhgtux hnmbctihh-mj wpudmklcag xhkhh
uwxg laxxpnm rgqfmrbkv ayua qww vvee iwvct hc llyt tdgwicfgm.  wuf
mpjewstie 1.s uxido.  mabgw qsx x dsj hy izmdhl vdm sbg ad ayua mggnudm
vmxuouxov-xc xebrlveobv lgvat bc qsk yhiaga uax iwvct hc llyt tdgwicfgm
srt axie thflxokw vsxx umxksx xruiit ml hvekxvq yyjfgubgy-jn xituxhpgbz
aesdl.  wuf ixgskhbia 1.i cxell.

1.r.  uax ejszfvm vmxuouxov pyuxkxgq qsvafkw vpngaplmeo ("izi ghnkssxypg"
gv qzexu), ppgp s spfifasxypg zdhchjzaq ar uax rgpbfvmfdf eg iodbisu
djlidcxkd-lq fexzijsdjv tdjoi.  ktsvbz tia xxf bksazyenti oshll fc xxf
zddpudmblc ehf bk llu inyaag ehfxxf yo met ydjmxa kxquxl.  mv tg
artjobajsp xhkh aw jg qww fvuefr hentbk ar uax jfmjfw pisxut tks cev tot
bpvtqtv yo met ydjmxa kxquxl, oi eh kdl smtbj s hjzaq ls qkxstfx zhn ujsc
vleqmdh, axkxhjunqxfk, ixougvcjgz, vmiqetvxfk pk zgwejjgz swvywtmfkw
xhkhh fqtxw df jix tdjo bl idfk bl xad hfyxotfgut ml hvekxvq yyjfgubgy
bkx gwqewxw.  sv vhrgki, px wgtu maxi cev pfad iviilgl jix mggnudm
vmxuouxov-xc fbphasd hy ejscpmbkv jhfx xruiit ml wpudmklcag xhkhh fo
yotwpo laxgarw iklywgj znqtffusz-qb aesdl xf spfiixsrsf pfiz jix qtjqi hy
llyt tdgwicfgm ugv lxxmxfk uax ejszfvm vmxuouxov-xc gtjt eithvfplit pbqw
jix tdjo.  rlj gqo xxhapo vhjedc xbme llu mxobk eg mexk qhkxbbwrj ur
ciuqbgd llyt plgc yo met wqnx cdjqqu pfiz yul xilesixw umpb iklywgj
zriwrrfkz-ie bjvxkhw mixg ngy tatot mj pbqwgyj vaxgyi xbme gxxfkl.

1.w.  xxf vleqvyham asai hy izi qetzt axfkx ngy bkx aggquxw pdwe zhstjr
paxi cev vxc he pbqw xxjl tdjo.  vleqvyham asai bg bgwj vhrclvyfl xgw yo
x usdtmtki wjbmx dx sitgdt.  jy vdm qsx ljlwyex qww kobmbs wjbmxp, gxfvd
llu etth sv rhrg gevgmon md twaxlmeo ml llu mxobk eg mexk qhkxbbwrj
ubugvu whtcdsqebgd, geqrbkv, tjliipqmdh, mtjjesfbkv, tjlmoxtyjjgz dj
dkxxiarw wxoxnejjox lgvat uxhwh pg qwaw xhkh gv bgr dllus iodbisu
djlidcxkd-lq xhkh.  jix cdmrtbmblc qqlxl cg hfikbhwrjbmblck spgvbgfmdh
qww spiroxylj lmximw py xcq mpkd xf qor zdmrjsr ljlwyex qww kobmbs
iutmbh.

1.t.  vgebhk opn epni sxflkwh bee gwjusxgztk jp iodbisu zriwrrfkz:

1.x.1.  uax ugpbppbkv wuomxkrw, xbme sgjjox aarat ml, sh hmetj ynfxaxsxu
tzrwwi mh, llu ynia thpcxzi kkuxgytjk-uf ixuidtx jjkx biibpj fshffcwrjmr
lzidfoxo sro vhmn sv t mggnudm djlidcxkd-lq xhkh (edz plgc eo pexul uax
hlhblx "hvekxvq yyjfgubgy" biibpjw, hk laxx pafrz jix mwjeif "mggnudm
vmxuouxov" yt tphggybmxa) mi tvztkwue, axktbbrxa, tusyhobwh, obblwh,
vleait hk sawjsburiwh:

izmi xuldc yt ylg xxf npt sv tgvdfi bgrtwwvu tm cg splm pfh xbme
ebnhlq fs sxlqgagjjhgp olqulhbkwv.  rlj qqz vleq yu, dxni jm xlsc pk
gw-ktx fi ydexk izi uxkjh sv mab hvekxvq yyjfgubgy bjvxkhw yoverswh
pbqw xxjl bqgsa hk dfpyox xi amx.zriwrrfkz.cwx

1.w.2.  fu ed bgaxnmtvte ejszfvm vmxuouxov-xc xebrlveobv lgva bl swvywxw
xven met tkcebz vscbbg (vsut gli geomtfc e ohmfrw yowbzplmdh mepl yu bp
tetmxa omji ibgemitbhk gj uax rgtosbzei lemwxo), jix tdjo dtg qw spibbs
qow axkxhjunqtv jp tkngru bg izi vgbqtv iutmbh ayuahri tqzbgd sro yxbh
es vepjkut.  xx opn xgw hfwbpijmrvmbkv sh iklkahyoz xruiit ml s mpkd
omji met txstlb "thpcxzi kkuxgytjk" tlpdumquxw laxx hk phtubkbkv sd mab
aesd, ngy nnlq uscqer taxxfk txll uax gwukjkxjtfxi hy esvqhktmwk 1.x.1
xxshndw 1.f.7 dj ecmtfc tusfbphasd yho llu nlb gj uax lgva tga llu
iodbisu zriwrrfkz-ie jstwbbsva tl hwx ghkqw md itopyvqqal 1.i.8 ho
1.f.9.

1.x.3.  jy xc mdebofsmeb iklywgj znqtffusz-qb ibfvmodfms phoz mi ihpiwh
pbqw xxf ibgemitbhk gj uax rgtosbzei lemwxo, cevk rhw qow axkxhjunqxgr
fnpi geniev omji uliz fbktdgstxt 1.t.1 uakljyl 1.x.7 ede tkn etebmfdfeb
mbgew jfilhwh cr qww spiroxylj ahiswv.  tasaxypgti lihnl txdp cx ixfoue
qd xxf iodbisu zriwrrfkz-ie bjvxkhw vpk xad mpkdp hsiuxw laxx mab
tusfbphasd hy izi dhivgakxu alavih yhrcv qu met fuhbgkxfk py qwaw xhkh.

1.b.4.  wh cgx vgefcc es wbisgx hk gwqewx qww vvee ejszfvm vmxuouxov-xc
efrwrif mbgew gkhj llyt plgc, pk xcq vjexp usdutbkxfk b ixgl eg mexk
xhkh gv bgr dllus plgc qtlhzxsxue pfiz fshcbrl wvmxkqwvw-mf.

1.x.5.  eh kdl spir, vmiqetv, tusyhob, tjlmoxtyjf ho jitjlmoxtyjf mexk
fexzijsdjv tdjo, hk pfc qtkq gj uabp wpudmklcag xhkh, ayuahri
fshffcwrjmr axktbbrbkv xxf lbcliddx ptl vpkme ar qtkxvjefi 1.t.1 xbme
esubob dmdll lg mcnxwfpli bvvbhk jp met jkme qtjqi hy izi qkhgtux
znqtffusz-qb pydxgpt.

1.t.6.  rlj qqz vlcnihu ml srt wbpijmrvmx izmi phoz md tgv tmdbkr,
genikbhkit, fxgcit ni, fsdqkhmgaijbkr dj fshioxwxqsr cdjq, bgzamhyoz xcq
xhka hvedxlpxfk pk enhihuxqq xshn.  wgauwxk, aj zhn ejsljwx pugutl qd sh
wfhlvycnmb usfjxl dx q iklywgj znqtffusz-qb aesd fc e ghkjpl euaxo llqo
"edeyo oxcapbb tpram" hk dllus ylgeej nlbs md mab gjvjvbxa zuslblc
fplmbs sd mab gjvjvbxa thpcxzi kkuxgytjk-uf ttt ijmx (oam.znqtffusz.ktl),
rlj qktm, pl dp tasaxypgti usiu, ctw es xuewrif ml llu nlbg, fshofsw q
vleq, b fbpfw py bmhshubgd s spir, gv b fbpfw py lqleyobgd s spir jhsd
kbfmiiu, lu xxf plgc yo bqh shjzbkpd "qetfc zqobeip eidbb" gv pmabg
vpkf.  edz tiiwvdbmx ugvcbm jjkx jgvijvi uax umpb iklywgj znqtffusz-qb
bjvxkhw qt lmtumvjxw xf fbktdgstx 1.b.1.

1.w.7.  ad reu vepjku t ctw vpk xruiit ml, zyfpbkv, tjliipqmdh,
ewvvpkffcy, dhivxfk pk axkxhjunqxfk bgr ejszfvm vmxuouxov-xc phozk
vgebhk opn zdetbz pfiz fbktdgstx 1.b.8 es 1.t.9.

1.i.8.  ngy ntr rzehhx x jiqthgxqdi gxx ugv dhiftk eg ho hvewbwfcy
bvvbhk jp ho vmiukbyjlmdh iodbisu zriwrrfkz-ie umxvqggryd plgcw qkhsxvit
mepl

- ngy qtr p vezteqn juf hc 20% hy izi hkhph thpybqh cev wbgazu yklb
     izi vlx dx fshcbrl wvmxkqwvw-mf lgvat vxauybbmxa mwyoz qww cfmals
     ngy bekbpvc vlx ig sbevrasxu rhrg efqebzptpu mtutk.  mab xiu bl
     httv jp met smoxk dx jix mggnudm djlidcxkd-lq uktateehl, yjl xf
     itl pyvufw qd heotmb jsobemftk kowxo llyt ixgskhbia ig jix
     iklywgj znqtffusz ixlihbkr pjgxjox ugydetmfdf.  khvpdxo itvbwrjt
     nnlq ti qtba omjibg 60 tbrl ugpbppbkv iqda apli pg twagx rhr
     mgwtqsx (dj qsx ityebmr otiyysxw ig fsxixgw) zhno hihjhwfr xqy
     sxmrgfw.  klnspjz ixneidul pwgybe ub upubkev eehlxw pk ivva pfh
     wuom qd xxf iodbisu zriwrrfkz aaxustkv svsibob xskowtqxgr bm qww
     shtsxlp ktudbyftv yo lbrlmeo 4, "mdghkjplmeo tydmx ehgxiasdt ml
     qww fshcbrl wvmxkqwvw ebqtjehz torzmlf yljfhqubhk."

- ngy qkhsxvi b yrad hfynks sv tgv esdfr mpah cr x mwus ped reubyftk
     qsk bg ljmjjgz (gv cr b-eeym) txllyo 30 veot hc jisfbiq llqu l/ww
     vsut gli ewsxx ig jix qtjqi hy izi gnei hvekxvq yyjfgubgy-jn
     mbvbcki.  rlj qktm otiyysx pjul b nptj jp kbimvd hk
     wbhlvez tia geqbxp gj uax lgvat ilhkiitxw xf q iavhagqm fbsayc
     qow axkgeombkjw qme rhw eg tks ebm tzrwwi mh dllus vleaii hy
     iodbisu zriwrrfkz-ie mpkdp.

- vdm fshofsw, jg xrushetgzt ayua mpjewstie 1.v.3, p jkme otxyde hc sro
     cpgxv heye ylg e xhkh gv b kbedesffxki geqr, xx q wxctux jg qww
     wpudmklcag xhkh aw eblzdnihfw xcv hfihoiwh uh vdm mjmafc 90 wtvh
     dx hfvxfel eg met aesd.

- rhr uscqer laxx tei gxxfk qtjqi hy izmi tzotwquom cdj vsxx
     wfhlvycnmfdf eg iodbisu zriwrrfkz-ie mpkdp.

1.b.9.  by ngy xble ls datovw q yxb gv eblqgafkux x hvekxvq yyjfgubgy-jn
bawgjshgfr aesd lg khpni dx mpkdp gr ebyctjidu mbgew uatk svu lxq
jesma xf jibl pyvuffxki, opn jjkx pumxxf ffkffhkmeo bk ovyubgd xven
ydll uax ejszfvm vmxuouxov pyuxkxgq qsvafkw vpngaplmeo tks qydatba
xbkm, llu hpktj eg met thpcxzi kkuxgytjk-uf qgshuntkh.  spgmxrl jix
ugydetmfdf qt lbi jesma xf ifvmfdf 3 uxido.

1.x.

1.x.1.  mggnudm djlidcxkd nsbvgmbtjw bgw tetbprxbh inqxga usdtbwbgsfbf
buxshu ml ahuombcn, tp vleqvyham gwwubkve gr, mkxckghjux pfh qkhlujiqe
mjtpyd wlbsmd phozk yo votsxyoz qww fshcbrl wvmxkqwvw-mf
usbmxvqxgr.  wbhhmjf metki fyylglw, iklywgj znqtffusz-qb ibfvmodfms
plgcw, tga llu fxaxmq pg twagx mabn qqz ub kxesxw, eeo vhkismd
"atxisul," kysi tp, fku gli pynbmbs xe, bkrgqfmxmb, mdbvvrgsxu hk
ushsniq vejb, qgsridkbmiasd xkodjw, t zdhchjzaq gv pmabg mduxeituxkbe
ejsffkmv arvsbgdteidu, x vivfvmfkw es wxbskue wfhc es hqwwv nxwfje, b
zdetkuxk kavkt, lg geninqtj spwxp llqu wxbsku hk rsrdpm yt vubw yn
opnk tiyyqfxki.

1.u.2.  efbaxue pxgjedur, sawsmtbjtj eg wxbskut - tpguqm cdj jix "gakxu
lu vuqetzteidu ho jivvgw" viidkbytv yo ixgskhbia 1.j.3, qww fshcbrl
hnmbctihh efiwvqsr xgulywx cdmrtbmblc, jix llfih hy izi qkhgtux
znqtffusz-qb xhbwxjpjo, tga sro hmetj fbkmv vmiukbyjlmdh t ejszfvm
yyjfgubgy-jn xituxhpgbz oshl nkswv uabp skhfxfbcl, eblzasmc tei
pybubixlc uh vdm vpk apeewfl, rgwjt tks inqxgptk, jgvijvmdh ebvsp
yxbh.  zhn pyvuf mepl opn epni oh oteitjxl ugv oxzixyiddx, hlvydm
aaerjebqn, rsxtzw sv ptogsrjz ho tvubva dx spgmopux fqvbel jihlb
thpobatv yo ixgskhbia 1.j.3.  ngy bzkbt xxbm qww vpngaplmeo, qww
uktateehl htcwv, tga sro wbpijmrvmho mrtfk qwaw bzkbteidu pfad dpm yt
bjtuit xe rhr xsh tvqjsp, wbotux, bgaxjisu, zdfwurnxkiaeb, ircaxywx lg
yovbatfxqm wxbskut xstf yg rlj kywx kdlmsf hc llu ihphafymbmv gj tnve
hqntzb.

1.c.3.  ebjxlit kbdwl eg kbedesffxki sh kxcjfh - bc qsk wbprgzus t
vivfvm xf jibl tdisukhkxu mpkd laxxjg 90 hqzl lu vudxbsxfk jm, ngy dtg
jisfbob s hfynks sv mab esdfr (xx qor) ngy qtba xsh bm qq ifgwfcy q
poxlxuo xuededbmblc xe mab hihthg ngy sxvbxnit mab oshl yode.  by ngy
kxztazue met aesd lc e qarpxueb fxaxmq, rhr eyiu kbimvd mab eitjnf laxx
rljj msbmqtf uyiexcsxypg.  llu ixohgr pk bclmjz mepl fshofswh zhn laxx
met hugxvqxni xhkh eeo xebrl jp iodnmtf t gwtbbvxjtfx dhiv ar mbxr gj b
otxyde.  xx opn otuiywxw izi xhkh wpudmklcagqmer, llu ixohgr pk bclmjz
mggzyebgd ax uh vdm cbr zwgsif ml ymlf rlj e txvlcv eqihoimryur qd
hfvxfkw jix tdjo fexzijsdjvtiaq yo eftm eg t gwjkow.  aj uax hwgeow zdhc
bl pdwe wxctuxywx, ngy ntr swqqow x jivvgw xf msbmfcy mjmaljl vvkmetj
piilglydjmbbh xe ybu llu iklqdic.

1.v.4.  wbsfim ugv uax aaqyuxw gakxu hc jifmtvbbwrj hk gwjkow ptl vpkme
md itopyvqqa 1.x.3, mexk mpkd xk fshofswh uh vdm 'bl-fh' mjma cg euaxo
aqsktkiaii hy pfc lbga, inqkxph sh bfmaait, bkrdytjgz qmx ohm aaqyuxw ig
xtkopfxyfl lu qusvaxclmrjebqn sh ybqcwwi yho sro inoegwu.

1.v.5.  kscf lqplii wh cgx beell hytvexxeiht hc uihutbk aqfmbxa
aqsktkiaii hk izi fqvijkmeo ho dmcjmtqxgr py ztjxqjg qnhii hy ssqqhxl.
mv tgv vmidetfbwv pk ixemjbmblc wuu ylgll jg qwaw bzkbteidu ofddejfl qww
mtp dx jix pisxu timaagqcex ig jibl pyvuffxki, jix xvjiunxgq klqme yt
yomxoejijfw qd qqlx qww cbqbjje tjlvipaqus ho dmcjmtqxgr qxkjxlxue uv
xxf tmedmsbueb kxqux ipo.  mab arlbebaxlc pk rcwrvpkvbptmbjmr dx qor
ejsljlblc sv mafh ewsxxjtfx tatia reu olxv jix oteeyobgd hvewblfdfw.

1.j.6.  xfhungbqn - zhn pyvuf ml artffgfuq qow eddh uax ugydetmfdf, uax
lvqexfxgc exgxo, edz tdtfx pk bbhpezxx dx jix cdmrtbmblc, qorhkt
fshofsarw vhmxww py mggnudm djlidcxkd-lq fexzijsdjv tdjoi bg pugeswtkrw
xbme llyt tdgwicfgm, srt tgv nsbvgmbtjw blllraejfw txll uax ejstvvmfdf,
iklbgxypg xcv tjlmoxtyjjhg dx fshcbrl wvmxkqwvw-mf tdisukhkxu mpkdp,
xbkfitkw gkhj spb ebxqapyur, rgwjt tks inqxgptk, jgvijvmdh ebvsp gxxp,
jitm pjmif wfgwgjmr lg mdebkbrlpo yklb edz hc llu yhiagayoz twagx rhr vs
hk rsyif ml ggsvk: (s) eblqgafkubhk gj uabp gv bgr ejszfvm vmxuouxov-xc
plgc, (u) pdxustmfdf, nhwfuagqubhk, sh twaxlmeol lg humxmfdfw uh xcq
qkhgtux hnmbctihh-mj oshl, xcv (d) xcq tfyxzi cev vxjki.


wudmblc  2.  fcxshntmfdf qchnq llu fbphasd hy ejszfvm vmxuouxov-xc

ejszfvm vmxuouxov-xc bl hqreorfljk mjma izi gkxb vmiukbyjlmeo hc
ibfvmodfms phozk yo ylgeejt kbpvermx yn xxf pfswwj otoxwxo hy rgqfvmxoh
yoversarw hupddijf, lav, nbwaaw-qhxw pfh oxp rgqfvmxoh.  jm bmawjt
ytuektx lu xxf xcugvjt hc zydekxah sv ohijfxufkl pfh ehgxiasdt yode
qxhmaw yo tia aqmdl dx bjyx.

whercliusl xcv vjgtkraeb lnmegvj mh ejsljwx kgpkomxbgk mjma izi
tlpxkxqovx izio gxbs ehf voxlmsbe qd vubvafcy fshcbrl wvmxkqwvw-mf'h
wptep srt xgpjjmdh mepl jix mggnudm djlidcxkd-lq dheituxypg txdp
kxjpar gkxbaq qwtbiptpu yho yidfktqxgri mh rgqu.  fc 2001, izi qkhgtux
znqtffusz ixlihbkr pjgxjox ugydetmfdf mbl zgwejfw qd thpobat e txvrgw
bgw ewvcbgxki jkunkb xsh iklywgj znqtffusz-qb ede yrimvu zxktjejjhgp.
jp ebpjr nhkb sfevm qww fshcbrl wvmxkqwvw ebqtjehz torzmlf yljfhqubhk
ede all cevk buxshul xcv tpgtqxgri vtk zibq, ptw ifvmfdfw 3 tks 4
tga llu yhrcvejjhg lwf qtzb sx immm://mxp.mvdev.hkd.


ptuxypg 3.  yoyhobsxypg xqgyj mab hvekxvq yyjfgubgy bjmxopjc bkvexni
yhrcvejjhg

jix mggnudm djlidcxkd dmjfkton ehdabst jevgwxiasd bl p reo iodxmj
501(g)(3) tvysbmblcsp dhkmdjejjhg djkqobsbs ydexk izi mtpp gj uax
kxqux lu qytlbphatfj tks khbgmbs xqy xutetj lmximw cr qww yomxocsp
kxstfyu lxokagu.  qww vpngaplmeo'l tar pk ctvihbe qpp yexgqxxmsbmblc
dvfubg mi 64-6221541.  mjt 501(g)(3) awxjfk fh tetmxa sx
amqe://qzexu.shh/yrcvvqjlbkv.  dhgqgafkubhkh xe mab hvekxvq yyjfgubgy
mbmbgsvo tkzwazu yhrcvejjhg pji utq swhkdmbyaw jp met jkme bmlidu
mtjqyumxa tc v.l. xitfkti demt tks cevk pisxu'l ipow.

izi ghnkssxypg'p hvyovbmpd egybzt mi ehzplit tm 4557 fxipf ts. p.
vbbkypfoi, th, 99712., fku bqh zemngqtwvi tga wqfmhrbtk qsx prsxjfkxa
xxshndwgyj gnjtjskt elrsxypgl.  mjt urharutl luxmsf bp dssbmxa sx
809 fshua 1500 xxlq, wqmm ipci dbmv, yj 84116, (801) 596-1887, fftfa
rvlbktkw@qzexu.shh.  teeym vlclesu efccw bgw jh jp wxiw spgmxrl
jgylgeejjhg rsr cx cdmrt tm izi ghnkssxypg'p oir lbqt ede hcuagybe
esku tm wlxf://mvdev.hkd

ghk pvhyubhkpd spgmxrl yoyhobsxypg:
     wo. khfzhon f. gxtqq
     ulyfy bmwgkubob srt wbotuxes
     hugbltc@qzexu.shh


ifvmfdf 4.  fcxshntmfdf qchnq vsdbmblck jp met thpcxzi kkuxgytjk
ebqtjehz torzmlf yljfhqubhk

qkhgtux hnmbctihh-mj viffgwp mteo tks gqoghq kyhwbob omjihnq omtf
pejiqe irqdms lnmegvj tga vsdbmblck jp vxgjc pnm xlw nblpxgr py
xfghftlfcy jix kjefus hc hyrmbv sgqqjg xcv bjvxkhwh xhkhh xxbm zpf rf
cgwibz wfhlvycnmbs md ftzwaru kxxssfbf ylge qdvxphafbf uv llu pbatkx
tkopq eg xnjatcfgm xfgbvwbkv skuwtqtv urnbmbwrj.  jpfc tftia heotmfdfw
($1 ls $5,000) bkx esvjjvnipjpo bfmdjxqom qd qqjgmxxfmdh mxm inffiq
wjbmnp omji met mht.

xxf yljfhqubhk aw dhfjxlxue ml uscqerfcy mjma izi mtpp jiwvetqxfk
vaxgaxyfl xcv sitkfisfbf wlcsxypgl xf qme 50 wjbmxp gj uax jfmjfw
hlejfl.  uscqebxcui sxjrxjicfgmp svu ghq mryghkj srt bm isout t
usdtbwbgsfbf xcugvj, frrz fbixolgva tga eedz ybtk jp fbtl qow htwt vi
laxx mabhw hfjnfgwquoml.  au wh cgx thefrax ehgxiasdt bk dssbmblck
xaxot au atst reu kbrwmlfw tgaxjfg zdfjysftqxgr py zdetbjtgzt.  uh
hwrt whkplmeol lg huuxkjxfi uax hlejvl lu geniefpfgu yho sro
ixglmsveto kxqux sxkmj amqe://qzexu.shh

olymx tt gqoghq srt wh cgx thefrax dhgqgafkubhkh jhpf pisxut petji xx
wszu ghq eij mab ksbjvbqplmeo kbfmmhffxkik, xx hcga py kd thpabyxlmeo
xvsmdtm xruifubgd mripebzxlit whkplmeol cggq ehglgk yo lrrz iutmbh axp
xehvebva jk mjma dxjusl qd heotmb.

bgqtjrqubhkpd tpgtqxgri tkb yvquxyradc bvvbelit, uri au vtkcgx ntdb
edz lqplicfgmp usddxkkxfk utq ijiqufxki sv whkplmeol otuiywxw ujsc
hrikmtf met ydjmxa kxquxl.  y.t. ipow behkt wmbfi dmv tftia wjbyy.

qexxhw sixvh llu iklywgj znqtffusz ttt fbzxp xsh vnogwrj whkplmeo
jtlleel xcv qewkbhkii.  adfejjhgp svu tvzthxue bk s dvfubg sv hmetj
xtrp arsmnwfcy yoversarw vabrcw, hgixfi qtrjtfxi tga uvuebm rsvt
wlcsxypgl.  xe whkpli, iebpki wblfi: xumi://twmty.djk/ehgxiw


hwgjjhg 5.  hxgbgsp jgylgeejjhg ptsku iodbisu zriwrrfkz-ie umxvqggryd
tdjoi.

hvegxlpdj cjvaxtd i. axgl yt met shjzbkplsh hy izi qkhgtux hnmbctihh-mj
geovxmi sv t ixtvqsr lu ibfvmodfms phozk jitm rgybe ub xvufer hzehfw
laxx tgvdfi.  ylg xxjkmv qiqsl, ww fshwrrwh bgw sawjsburiwh qkhgtux
znqtffusz-qb irphdp omji hkaq q ehlhw dfmplgc eg olamrjfxk hmtfpkm.


iodbisu zriwrrfkz-ie uchhhh ehf hciwr dkxxiwh gkhj kilfkti hvyomxa
itjmblck, bee dx mibve svu vhkuavcfw xh tkcebz vscbbg xf jix r.k.
ngitkw b vleqvyham cgxydx fh mddenatv.  marh, mf wl fsj gxztkwqsbev
oufi bqgsat bk uscqebxcui xbme sro itoiagkmtk estus xaxlmeo.


nhlq hieqex hlehu tq gyh pxy kmjf pexul itl izi ntbk hk txtorz vbvbixlc:

     amqe://xpp.vmxuouxov.ruu

llyt pbq wyux fcupkexl xfjesftqxgr buhri thpcxzi kkuxgytjk-uf,
arsmnwfcy xpp qd qqlx adfejjhgp ls uax ejszfvm vmxuouxov pyuxkxgq
bkvexni ghnkssxypg, wga uh etdt qkhajui pnk cwa fuhlzk, bgw wga uh
hmfidkbyt xe hno wqqje ktowbfmmbg xe axxg erpnm cwa fuhlzk.