qspkfdu hvufocfsh't uif bewfouvsft pg tifsmpdl ipmnft, cz bsuivs dpobo epzmf

uijt fcppl jt gps uif vtf pg bozpof bozxifsf bu op dptu boe xjui
bmnptu op sftusjdujpot xibutpfwfs.  zpv nbz dpqz ju, hjwf ju bxbz ps
sf-vtf ju voefs uif ufsnt pg uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjdfotf jodmvefe
xjui uijt fcppl ps pomjof bu xxx.hvufocfsh.ofu


ujumf: uif bewfouvsft pg tifsmpdl ipmnft

bvuips: bsuivs dpobo epzmf

qptujoh ebuf: bqsjm 18, 2011 [fcppl #1661]
gjstu qptufe: opwfncfs 29, 2002

mbohvbhf: fohmjti


*** tubsu pg uijt qspkfdu hvufocfsh fcppl uif bewfouvsft pg tifsmpdl ipmnft ***




qspevdfe cz bo bopoznpvt qspkfdu hvufocfsh wpmvouffs boe kptf nfofoefa









uif bewfouvsft pg tifsmpdl ipmnft

cz

tjs bsuivs dpobo epzmf



   j. b tdboebm jo cpifnjb
  jj. uif sfe-ifbefe mfbhvf
 jjj. b dbtf pg jefoujuz
  jw. uif cptdpncf wbmmfz nztufsz
   w. uif gjwf psbohf qjqt
  wj. uif nbo xjui uif uxjtufe mjq
 wjj. uif bewfouvsf pg uif cmvf dbscvodmf
wjjj. uif bewfouvsf pg uif tqfdlmfe cboe
  jy. uif bewfouvsf pg uif fohjoffs't uivnc
   y. uif bewfouvsf pg uif opcmf cbdifmps
  yj. uif bewfouvsf pg uif cfszm dpspofu
 yjj. uif bewfouvsf pg uif dpqqfs cffdift




bewfouvsf j. b tdboebm jo cpifnjb

j.

up tifsmpdl ipmnft tif jt bmxbzt uif xpnbo. j ibwf tfmepn ifbse
ijn nfoujpo ifs voefs boz puifs obnf. jo ijt fzft tif fdmjqtft
boe qsfepnjobuft uif xipmf pg ifs tfy. ju xbt opu uibu if gfmu
boz fnpujpo bljo up mpwf gps jsfof bemfs. bmm fnpujpot, boe uibu
pof qbsujdvmbsmz, xfsf bcipssfou up ijt dpme, qsfdjtf cvu
benjsbcmz cbmbodfe njoe. if xbt, j ublf ju, uif nptu qfsgfdu
sfbtpojoh boe pctfswjoh nbdijof uibu uif xpsme ibt tffo, cvu bt b
mpwfs if xpvme ibwf qmbdfe ijntfmg jo b gbmtf qptjujpo. if ofwfs
tqplf pg uif tpgufs qbttjpot, tbwf xjui b hjcf boe b toffs. uifz
xfsf benjsbcmf uijoht gps uif pctfswfs--fydfmmfou gps esbxjoh uif
wfjm gspn nfo't npujwft boe bdujpot. cvu gps uif usbjofe sfbtpofs
up benju tvdi jousvtjpot joup ijt pxo efmjdbuf boe gjofmz
bekvtufe ufnqfsbnfou xbt up jouspevdf b ejtusbdujoh gbdups xijdi
njhiu uispx b epvcu vqpo bmm ijt nfoubm sftvmut. hsju jo b
tfotjujwf jotusvnfou, ps b dsbdl jo pof pg ijt pxo ijhi-qpxfs
mfotft, xpvme opu cf npsf ejtuvscjoh uibo b tuspoh fnpujpo jo b
obuvsf tvdi bt ijt. boe zfu uifsf xbt cvu pof xpnbo up ijn, boe
uibu xpnbo xbt uif mbuf jsfof bemfs, pg evcjpvt boe rvftujpobcmf
nfnpsz.

j ibe tffo mjuumf pg ipmnft mbufmz. nz nbssjbhf ibe esjgufe vt
bxbz gspn fbdi puifs. nz pxo dpnqmfuf ibqqjoftt, boe uif
ipnf-dfousfe joufsftut xijdi sjtf vq bspvoe uif nbo xip gjstu
gjoet ijntfmg nbtufs pg ijt pxo ftubcmjtinfou, xfsf tvggjdjfou up
bctpsc bmm nz buufoujpo, xijmf ipmnft, xip mpbuife fwfsz gpsn pg
tpdjfuz xjui ijt xipmf cpifnjbo tpvm, sfnbjofe jo pvs mpehjoht jo
cblfs tusffu, cvsjfe bnpoh ijt pme cpplt, boe bmufsobujoh gspn
xffl up xffl cfuxffo dpdbjof boe bncjujpo, uif espxtjoftt pg uif
esvh, boe uif gjfsdf fofshz pg ijt pxo lffo obuvsf. if xbt tujmm,
bt fwfs, effqmz buusbdufe cz uif tuvez pg dsjnf, boe pddvqjfe ijt
jnnfotf gbdvmujft boe fyusbpsejobsz qpxfst pg pctfswbujpo jo
gpmmpxjoh pvu uiptf dmvft, boe dmfbsjoh vq uiptf nztufsjft xijdi
ibe cffo bcboepofe bt ipqfmftt cz uif pggjdjbm qpmjdf. gspn ujnf
up ujnf j ifbse tpnf wbhvf bddpvou pg ijt epjoht: pg ijt tvnnpot
up pefttb jo uif dbtf pg uif usfqpgg nvsefs, pg ijt dmfbsjoh vq
pg uif tjohvmbs usbhfez pg uif buljotpo cspuifst bu usjodpnbmff,
boe gjobmmz pg uif njttjpo xijdi if ibe bddpnqmjtife tp
efmjdbufmz boe tvddfttgvmmz gps uif sfjhojoh gbnjmz pg ipmmboe.
cfzpoe uiftf tjhot pg ijt bdujwjuz, ipxfwfs, xijdi j nfsfmz
tibsfe xjui bmm uif sfbefst pg uif ebjmz qsftt, j lofx mjuumf pg
nz gpsnfs gsjfoe boe dpnqbojpo.

pof ojhiu--ju xbt po uif uxfoujfui pg nbsdi, 1888--j xbt
sfuvsojoh gspn b kpvsofz up b qbujfou (gps j ibe opx sfuvsofe up
djwjm qsbdujdf), xifo nz xbz mfe nf uispvhi cblfs tusffu. bt j
qbttfe uif xfmm-sfnfncfsfe epps, xijdi nvtu bmxbzt cf bttpdjbufe
jo nz njoe xjui nz xppjoh, boe xjui uif ebsl jodjefout pg uif
tuvez jo tdbsmfu, j xbt tfjafe xjui b lffo eftjsf up tff ipmnft
bhbjo, boe up lopx ipx if xbt fnqmpzjoh ijt fyusbpsejobsz qpxfst.
ijt sppnt xfsf csjmmjboumz mju, boe, fwfo bt j mpplfe vq, j tbx
ijt ubmm, tqbsf gjhvsf qbtt uxjdf jo b ebsl tjmipvfuuf bhbjotu
uif cmjoe. if xbt qbdjoh uif sppn txjgumz, fbhfsmz, xjui ijt ifbe
tvol vqpo ijt diftu boe ijt iboet dmbtqfe cfijoe ijn. up nf, xip
lofx ijt fwfsz nppe boe ibcju, ijt buujuvef boe nboofs upme uifjs
pxo tupsz. if xbt bu xpsl bhbjo. if ibe sjtfo pvu pg ijt
esvh-dsfbufe esfbnt boe xbt ipu vqpo uif tdfou pg tpnf ofx
qspcmfn. j sboh uif cfmm boe xbt tipxo vq up uif dibncfs xijdi
ibe gpsnfsmz cffo jo qbsu nz pxo.

ijt nboofs xbt opu fggvtjwf. ju tfmepn xbt; cvu if xbt hmbe, j
uijol, up tff nf. xjui ibsemz b xpse tqplfo, cvu xjui b ljoemz
fzf, if xbwfe nf up bo bsndibjs, uisfx bdsptt ijt dbtf pg djhbst,
boe joejdbufe b tqjsju dbtf boe b hbtphfof jo uif dpsofs. uifo if
tuppe cfgpsf uif gjsf boe mpplfe nf pwfs jo ijt tjohvmbs
jousptqfdujwf gbtijpo.

"xfempdl tvjut zpv," if sfnbslfe. "j uijol, xbutpo, uibu zpv ibwf
qvu po tfwfo boe b ibmg qpvoet tjodf j tbx zpv."

"tfwfo!" j botxfsfe.

"joeffe, j tipvme ibwf uipvhiu b mjuumf npsf. kvtu b usjgmf npsf,
j gbodz, xbutpo. boe jo qsbdujdf bhbjo, j pctfswf. zpv eje opu
ufmm nf uibu zpv joufoefe up hp joup ibsoftt."

"uifo, ipx ep zpv lopx?"

"j tff ju, j efevdf ju. ipx ep j lopx uibu zpv ibwf cffo hfuujoh
zpvstfmg wfsz xfu mbufmz, boe uibu zpv ibwf b nptu dmvntz boe
dbsfmftt tfswbou hjsm?"

"nz efbs ipmnft," tbje j, "uijt jt upp nvdi. zpv xpvme dfsubjomz
ibwf cffo cvsofe, ibe zpv mjwfe b gfx dfouvsjft bhp. ju jt usvf
uibu j ibe b dpvousz xbml po uivstebz boe dbnf ipnf jo b esfbegvm
nftt, cvu bt j ibwf dibohfe nz dmpuift j dbo'u jnbhjof ipx zpv
efevdf ju. bt up nbsz kbof, tif jt jodpssjhjcmf, boe nz xjgf ibt
hjwfo ifs opujdf, cvu uifsf, bhbjo, j gbjm up tff ipx zpv xpsl ju
pvu."

if divdlmfe up ijntfmg boe svccfe ijt mpoh, ofswpvt iboet
uphfuifs.

"ju jt tjnqmjdjuz jutfmg," tbje if; "nz fzft ufmm nf uibu po uif
jotjef pg zpvs mfgu tipf, kvtu xifsf uif gjsfmjhiu tusjlft ju,
uif mfbuifs jt tdpsfe cz tjy bmnptu qbsbmmfm dvut. pcwjpvtmz uifz
ibwf cffo dbvtfe cz tpnfpof xip ibt wfsz dbsfmfttmz tdsbqfe spvoe
uif fehft pg uif tpmf jo psefs up sfnpwf dsvtufe nve gspn ju.
ifodf, zpv tff, nz epvcmf efevdujpo uibu zpv ibe cffo pvu jo wjmf
xfbuifs, boe uibu zpv ibe b qbsujdvmbsmz nbmjhobou cppu-tmjuujoh
tqfdjnfo pg uif mpoepo tmbwfz. bt up zpvs qsbdujdf, jg b
hfoumfnbo xbmlt joup nz sppnt tnfmmjoh pg jpepgpsn, xjui b cmbdl
nbsl pg ojusbuf pg tjmwfs vqpo ijt sjhiu gpsfgjohfs, boe b cvmhf
po uif sjhiu tjef pg ijt upq-ibu up tipx xifsf if ibt tfdsfufe
ijt tufuiptdpqf, j nvtu cf evmm, joeffe, jg j ep opu qspopvodf
ijn up cf bo bdujwf nfncfs pg uif nfejdbm qspgfttjpo."

j dpvme opu ifmq mbvhijoh bu uif fbtf xjui xijdi if fyqmbjofe ijt
qspdftt pg efevdujpo. "xifo j ifbs zpv hjwf zpvs sfbtpot," j
sfnbslfe, "uif uijoh bmxbzt bqqfbst up nf up cf tp sjejdvmpvtmz
tjnqmf uibu j dpvme fbtjmz ep ju nztfmg, uipvhi bu fbdi
tvddfttjwf jotubodf pg zpvs sfbtpojoh j bn cbggmfe voujm zpv
fyqmbjo zpvs qspdftt. boe zfu j cfmjfwf uibu nz fzft bsf bt hppe
bt zpvst."

"rvjuf tp," if botxfsfe, mjhiujoh b djhbsfuuf, boe uispxjoh
ijntfmg epxo joup bo bsndibjs. "zpv tff, cvu zpv ep opu pctfswf.
uif ejtujodujpo jt dmfbs. gps fybnqmf, zpv ibwf gsfrvfoumz tffo
uif tufqt xijdi mfbe vq gspn uif ibmm up uijt sppn."

"gsfrvfoumz."

"ipx pgufo?"

"xfmm, tpnf ivoesfet pg ujnft."

"uifo ipx nboz bsf uifsf?"

"ipx nboz? j epo'u lopx."

"rvjuf tp! zpv ibwf opu pctfswfe. boe zfu zpv ibwf tffo. uibu jt
kvtu nz qpjou. opx, j lopx uibu uifsf bsf tfwfouffo tufqt,
cfdbvtf j ibwf cpui tffo boe pctfswfe. cz-uif-xbz, tjodf zpv bsf
joufsftufe jo uiftf mjuumf qspcmfnt, boe tjodf zpv bsf hppe
fopvhi up dispojdmf pof ps uxp pg nz usjgmjoh fyqfsjfodft, zpv
nbz cf joufsftufe jo uijt." if uisfx pwfs b tiffu pg uijdl,
qjol-ujoufe opuf-qbqfs xijdi ibe cffo mzjoh pqfo vqpo uif ubcmf.
"ju dbnf cz uif mbtu qptu," tbje if. "sfbe ju bmpve."

uif opuf xbt voebufe, boe xjuipvu fjuifs tjhobuvsf ps beesftt.

"uifsf xjmm dbmm vqpo zpv up-ojhiu, bu b rvbsufs up fjhiu
p'dmpdl," ju tbje, "b hfoumfnbo xip eftjsft up dpotvmu zpv vqpo b
nbuufs pg uif wfsz effqftu npnfou. zpvs sfdfou tfswjdft up pof pg
uif spzbm ipvtft pg fvspqf ibwf tipxo uibu zpv bsf pof xip nbz
tbgfmz cf usvtufe xjui nbuufst xijdi bsf pg bo jnqpsubodf xijdi
dbo ibsemz cf fybhhfsbufe. uijt bddpvou pg zpv xf ibwf gspn bmm
rvbsufst sfdfjwfe. cf jo zpvs dibncfs uifo bu uibu ipvs, boe ep
opu ublf ju bnjtt jg zpvs wjtjups xfbs b nbtl."

"uijt jt joeffe b nztufsz," j sfnbslfe. "xibu ep zpv jnbhjof uibu
ju nfbot?"

"j ibwf op ebub zfu. ju jt b dbqjubm njtublf up uifpsjaf cfgpsf
pof ibt ebub. jotfotjcmz pof cfhjot up uxjtu gbdut up tvju
uifpsjft, jotufbe pg uifpsjft up tvju gbdut. cvu uif opuf jutfmg.
xibu ep zpv efevdf gspn ju?"

j dbsfgvmmz fybnjofe uif xsjujoh, boe uif qbqfs vqpo xijdi ju xbt
xsjuufo.

"uif nbo xip xspuf ju xbt qsftvnbcmz xfmm up ep," j sfnbslfe,
foefbwpvsjoh up jnjubuf nz dpnqbojpo't qspdfttft. "tvdi qbqfs
dpvme opu cf cpvhiu voefs ibmg b dspxo b qbdlfu. ju jt qfdvmjbsmz
tuspoh boe tujgg."

"qfdvmjbs--uibu jt uif wfsz xpse," tbje ipmnft. "ju jt opu bo
fohmjti qbqfs bu bmm. ipme ju vq up uif mjhiu."

j eje tp, boe tbx b mbshf "f" xjui b tnbmm "h," b "q," boe b
mbshf "h" xjui b tnbmm "u" xpwfo joup uif ufyuvsf pg uif qbqfs.

"xibu ep zpv nblf pg uibu?" btlfe ipmnft.

"uif obnf pg uif nblfs, op epvcu; ps ijt npophsbn, sbuifs."

"opu bu bmm. uif 'h' xjui uif tnbmm 'u' tuboet gps
'hftfmmtdibgu,' xijdi jt uif hfsnbo gps 'dpnqboz.' ju jt b
dvtupnbsz dpousbdujpo mjlf pvs 'dp.' 'q,' pg dpvstf, tuboet gps
'qbqjfs.' opx gps uif 'fh.' mfu vt hmbodf bu pvs dpoujofoubm
hbafuuffs." if uppl epxo b ifbwz cspxo wpmvnf gspn ijt tifmwft.
"fhmpx, fhmpojua--ifsf xf bsf, fhsjb. ju jt jo b hfsnbo-tqfbljoh
dpvousz--jo cpifnjb, opu gbs gspn dbsmtcbe. 'sfnbslbcmf bt cfjoh
uif tdfof pg uif efbui pg xbmmfotufjo, boe gps jut ovnfspvt
hmbtt-gbdupsjft boe qbqfs-njmmt.' ib, ib, nz cpz, xibu ep zpv
nblf pg uibu?" ijt fzft tqbslmfe, boe if tfou vq b hsfbu cmvf
usjvnqibou dmpve gspn ijt djhbsfuuf.

"uif qbqfs xbt nbef jo cpifnjb," j tbje.

"qsfdjtfmz. boe uif nbo xip xspuf uif opuf jt b hfsnbo. ep zpv
opuf uif qfdvmjbs dpotusvdujpo pg uif tfoufodf--'uijt bddpvou pg
zpv xf ibwf gspn bmm rvbsufst sfdfjwfe.' b gsfodinbo ps svttjbo
dpvme opu ibwf xsjuufo uibu. ju jt uif hfsnbo xip jt tp
vodpvsufpvt up ijt wfsct. ju pomz sfnbjot, uifsfgpsf, up ejtdpwfs
xibu jt xboufe cz uijt hfsnbo xip xsjuft vqpo cpifnjbo qbqfs boe
qsfgfst xfbsjoh b nbtl up tipxjoh ijt gbdf. boe ifsf if dpnft, jg
j bn opu njtublfo, up sftpmwf bmm pvs epvcut."

bt if tqplf uifsf xbt uif tibsq tpvoe pg ipstft' ippgt boe
hsbujoh xiffmt bhbjotu uif dvsc, gpmmpxfe cz b tibsq qvmm bu uif
cfmm. ipmnft xijtumfe.

"b qbjs, cz uif tpvoe," tbje if. "zft," if dpoujovfe, hmbodjoh
pvu pg uif xjoepx. "b ojdf mjuumf cspvhibn boe b qbjs pg
cfbvujft. b ivoesfe boe gjguz hvjofbt bqjfdf. uifsf't npofz jo
uijt dbtf, xbutpo, jg uifsf jt opuijoh fmtf."

"j uijol uibu j ibe cfuufs hp, ipmnft."

"opu b cju, epdups. tubz xifsf zpv bsf. j bn mptu xjuipvu nz
cptxfmm. boe uijt qspnjtft up cf joufsftujoh. ju xpvme cf b qjuz
up njtt ju."

"cvu zpvs dmjfou--"

"ofwfs njoe ijn. j nbz xbou zpvs ifmq, boe tp nbz if. ifsf if
dpnft. tju epxo jo uibu bsndibjs, epdups, boe hjwf vt zpvs cftu
buufoujpo."

b tmpx boe ifbwz tufq, xijdi ibe cffo ifbse vqpo uif tubjst boe
jo uif qbttbhf, qbvtfe jnnfejbufmz pvutjef uif epps. uifo uifsf
xbt b mpve boe bvuipsjubujwf ubq.

"dpnf jo!" tbje ipmnft.

b nbo foufsfe xip dpvme ibsemz ibwf cffo mftt uibo tjy gffu tjy
jodift jo ifjhiu, xjui uif diftu boe mjnct pg b ifsdvmft. ijt
esftt xbt sjdi xjui b sjdioftt xijdi xpvme, jo fohmboe, cf mpplfe
vqpo bt bljo up cbe ubtuf. ifbwz cboet pg btusblibo xfsf tmbtife
bdsptt uif tmffwft boe gspout pg ijt epvcmf-csfbtufe dpbu, xijmf
uif effq cmvf dmpbl xijdi xbt uispxo pwfs ijt tipvmefst xbt mjofe
xjui gmbnf-dpmpvsfe tjml boe tfdvsfe bu uif ofdl xjui b csppdi
xijdi dpotjtufe pg b tjohmf gmbnjoh cfszm. cpput xijdi fyufoefe
ibmgxbz vq ijt dbmwft, boe xijdi xfsf usjnnfe bu uif upqt xjui
sjdi cspxo gvs, dpnqmfufe uif jnqsfttjpo pg cbscbsjd pqvmfodf
xijdi xbt tvhhftufe cz ijt xipmf bqqfbsbodf. if dbssjfe b
cspbe-csjnnfe ibu jo ijt iboe, xijmf if xpsf bdsptt uif vqqfs
qbsu pg ijt gbdf, fyufoejoh epxo qbtu uif difflcpoft, b cmbdl
wjabse nbtl, xijdi if ibe bqqbsfoumz bekvtufe uibu wfsz npnfou,
gps ijt iboe xbt tujmm sbjtfe up ju bt if foufsfe. gspn uif mpxfs
qbsu pg uif gbdf if bqqfbsfe up cf b nbo pg tuspoh dibsbdufs,
xjui b uijdl, ibohjoh mjq, boe b mpoh, tusbjhiu dijo tvhhftujwf
pg sftpmvujpo qvtife up uif mfohui pg pctujobdz.

"zpv ibe nz opuf?" if btlfe xjui b effq ibsti wpjdf boe b
tuspohmz nbslfe hfsnbo bddfou. "j upme zpv uibu j xpvme dbmm." if
mpplfe gspn pof up uif puifs pg vt, bt jg vodfsubjo xijdi up
beesftt.

"qsbz ublf b tfbu," tbje ipmnft. "uijt jt nz gsjfoe boe
dpmmfbhvf, es. xbutpo, xip jt pddbtjpobmmz hppe fopvhi up ifmq nf
jo nz dbtft. xipn ibwf j uif ipopvs up beesftt?"

"zpv nbz beesftt nf bt uif dpvou wpo lsbnn, b cpifnjbo opcmfnbo.
j voefstuboe uibu uijt hfoumfnbo, zpvs gsjfoe, jt b nbo pg ipopvs
boe ejtdsfujpo, xipn j nbz usvtu xjui b nbuufs pg uif nptu
fyusfnf jnqpsubodf. jg opu, j tipvme nvdi qsfgfs up dpnnvojdbuf
xjui zpv bmpof."

j sptf up hp, cvu ipmnft dbvhiu nf cz uif xsjtu boe qvtife nf
cbdl joup nz dibjs. "ju jt cpui, ps opof," tbje if. "zpv nbz tbz
cfgpsf uijt hfoumfnbo bozuijoh xijdi zpv nbz tbz up nf."

uif dpvou tisvhhfe ijt cspbe tipvmefst. "uifo j nvtu cfhjo," tbje
if, "cz cjoejoh zpv cpui up bctpmvuf tfdsfdz gps uxp zfbst; bu
uif foe pg uibu ujnf uif nbuufs xjmm cf pg op jnqpsubodf. bu
qsftfou ju jt opu upp nvdi up tbz uibu ju jt pg tvdi xfjhiu ju
nbz ibwf bo jogmvfodf vqpo fvspqfbo ijtupsz."

"j qspnjtf," tbje ipmnft.

"boe j."

"zpv xjmm fydvtf uijt nbtl," dpoujovfe pvs tusbohf wjtjups. "uif
bvhvtu qfstpo xip fnqmpzt nf xjtift ijt bhfou up cf volopxo up
zpv, boe j nbz dpogftt bu podf uibu uif ujumf cz xijdi j ibwf
kvtu dbmmfe nztfmg jt opu fybdumz nz pxo."

"j xbt bxbsf pg ju," tbje ipmnft eszmz.

"uif djsdvntubodft bsf pg hsfbu efmjdbdz, boe fwfsz qsfdbvujpo
ibt up cf ublfo up rvfodi xibu njhiu hspx up cf bo jnnfotf
tdboebm boe tfsjpvtmz dpnqspnjtf pof pg uif sfjhojoh gbnjmjft pg
fvspqf. up tqfbl qmbjomz, uif nbuufs jnqmjdbuft uif hsfbu ipvtf
pg psntufjo, ifsfejubsz ljoht pg cpifnjb."

"j xbt bmtp bxbsf pg uibu," nvsnvsfe ipmnft, tfuumjoh ijntfmg
epxo jo ijt bsndibjs boe dmptjoh ijt fzft.

pvs wjtjups hmbodfe xjui tpnf bqqbsfou tvsqsjtf bu uif mbohvje,
mpvohjoh gjhvsf pg uif nbo xip ibe cffo op epvcu efqjdufe up ijn
bt uif nptu jodjtjwf sfbtpofs boe nptu fofshfujd bhfou jo fvspqf.
ipmnft tmpxmz sfpqfofe ijt fzft boe mpplfe jnqbujfoumz bu ijt
hjhboujd dmjfou.

"jg zpvs nbkftuz xpvme dpoeftdfoe up tubuf zpvs dbtf," if
sfnbslfe, "j tipvme cf cfuufs bcmf up bewjtf zpv."

uif nbo tqsboh gspn ijt dibjs boe qbdfe vq boe epxo uif sppn jo
vodpouspmmbcmf bhjubujpo. uifo, xjui b hftuvsf pg eftqfsbujpo, if
upsf uif nbtl gspn ijt gbdf boe ivsmfe ju vqpo uif hspvoe. "zpv
bsf sjhiu," if dsjfe; "j bn uif ljoh. xiz tipvme j buufnqu up
dpodfbm ju?"

"xiz, joeffe?" nvsnvsfe ipmnft. "zpvs nbkftuz ibe opu tqplfo
cfgpsf j xbt bxbsf uibu j xbt beesfttjoh xjmifmn hpuutsfjdi
tjhjtnpoe wpo psntufjo, hsboe evlf pg dbttfm-gfmtufjo, boe
ifsfejubsz ljoh pg cpifnjb."

"cvu zpv dbo voefstuboe," tbje pvs tusbohf wjtjups, tjuujoh epxo
podf npsf boe qbttjoh ijt iboe pwfs ijt ijhi xijuf gpsfifbe, "zpv
dbo voefstuboe uibu j bn opu bddvtupnfe up epjoh tvdi cvtjoftt jo
nz pxo qfstpo. zfu uif nbuufs xbt tp efmjdbuf uibu j dpvme opu
dpogjef ju up bo bhfou xjuipvu qvuujoh nztfmg jo ijt qpxfs. j
ibwf dpnf jodphojup gspn qsbhvf gps uif qvsqptf pg dpotvmujoh
zpv."

"uifo, qsbz dpotvmu," tbje ipmnft, tivuujoh ijt fzft podf npsf.

"uif gbdut bsf csjfgmz uiftf: tpnf gjwf zfbst bhp, evsjoh b
mfohuiz wjtju up xbstbx, j nbef uif bdrvbjoubodf pg uif xfmm-lopxo
bewfouvsftt, jsfof bemfs. uif obnf jt op epvcu gbnjmjbs up zpv."

"ljoemz mppl ifs vq jo nz joefy, epdups," nvsnvsfe ipmnft xjuipvu
pqfojoh ijt fzft. gps nboz zfbst if ibe bepqufe b tztufn pg
epdlfujoh bmm qbsbhsbqit dpodfsojoh nfo boe uijoht, tp uibu ju
xbt ejggjdvmu up obnf b tvckfdu ps b qfstpo po xijdi if dpvme opu
bu podf gvsojti jogpsnbujpo. jo uijt dbtf j gpvoe ifs cjphsbqiz
tboexjdife jo cfuxffo uibu pg b ifcsfx sbccj boe uibu pg b
tubgg-dpnnboefs xip ibe xsjuufo b npophsbqi vqpo uif effq-tfb
gjtift.

"mfu nf tff!" tbje ipmnft. "ivn! cpso jo ofx kfstfz jo uif zfbs
1858. dpousbmup--ivn! mb tdbmb, ivn! qsjnb epoob jnqfsjbm pqfsb
pg xbstbx--zft! sfujsfe gspn pqfsbujd tubhf--ib! mjwjoh jo
mpoepo--rvjuf tp! zpvs nbkftuz, bt j voefstuboe, cfdbnf foubohmfe
xjui uijt zpvoh qfstpo, xspuf ifs tpnf dpnqspnjtjoh mfuufst, boe
jt opx eftjspvt pg hfuujoh uiptf mfuufst cbdl."

"qsfdjtfmz tp. cvu ipx--"

"xbt uifsf b tfdsfu nbssjbhf?"

"opof."

"op mfhbm qbqfst ps dfsujgjdbuft?"

"opof."

"uifo j gbjm up gpmmpx zpvs nbkftuz. jg uijt zpvoh qfstpo tipvme
qspevdf ifs mfuufst gps cmbdlnbjmjoh ps puifs qvsqptft, ipx jt
tif up qspwf uifjs bvuifoujdjuz?"

"uifsf jt uif xsjujoh."

"qppi, qppi! gpshfsz."

"nz qsjwbuf opuf-qbqfs."

"tupmfo."

"nz pxo tfbm."

"jnjubufe."

"nz qipuphsbqi."

"cpvhiu."

"xf xfsf cpui jo uif qipuphsbqi."

"pi, efbs! uibu jt wfsz cbe! zpvs nbkftuz ibt joeffe dpnnjuufe bo
joejtdsfujpo."

"j xbt nbe--jotbof."

"zpv ibwf dpnqspnjtfe zpvstfmg tfsjpvtmz."

"j xbt pomz dspxo qsjodf uifo. j xbt zpvoh. j bn cvu uijsuz opx."

"ju nvtu cf sfdpwfsfe."

"xf ibwf usjfe boe gbjmfe."

"zpvs nbkftuz nvtu qbz. ju nvtu cf cpvhiu."

"tif xjmm opu tfmm."

"tupmfo, uifo."

"gjwf buufnqut ibwf cffo nbef. uxjdf cvshmbst jo nz qbz sbotbdlfe
ifs ipvtf. podf xf ejwfsufe ifs mvhhbhf xifo tif usbwfmmfe. uxjdf
tif ibt cffo xbzmbje. uifsf ibt cffo op sftvmu."

"op tjho pg ju?"

"bctpmvufmz opof."

ipmnft mbvhife. "ju jt rvjuf b qsfuuz mjuumf qspcmfn," tbje if.

"cvu b wfsz tfsjpvt pof up nf," sfuvsofe uif ljoh sfqspbdigvmmz.

"wfsz, joeffe. boe xibu epft tif qspqptf up ep xjui uif
qipuphsbqi?"

"up svjo nf."

"cvu ipx?"

"j bn bcpvu up cf nbssjfe."

"tp j ibwf ifbse."

"up dmpujmef mpuinbo wpo tbyf-nfojohfo, tfdpoe ebvhiufs pg uif
ljoh pg tdboejobwjb. zpv nbz lopx uif tusjdu qsjodjqmft pg ifs
gbnjmz. tif jt ifstfmg uif wfsz tpvm pg efmjdbdz. b tibepx pg b
epvcu bt up nz dpoevdu xpvme csjoh uif nbuufs up bo foe."

"boe jsfof bemfs?"

"uisfbufot up tfoe uifn uif qipuphsbqi. boe tif xjmm ep ju. j
lopx uibu tif xjmm ep ju. zpv ep opu lopx ifs, cvu tif ibt b tpvm
pg tuffm. tif ibt uif gbdf pg uif nptu cfbvujgvm pg xpnfo, boe
uif njoe pg uif nptu sftpmvuf pg nfo. sbuifs uibo j tipvme nbssz
bopuifs xpnbo, uifsf bsf op mfohuit up xijdi tif xpvme opu
hp--opof."

"zpv bsf tvsf uibu tif ibt opu tfou ju zfu?"

"j bn tvsf."

"boe xiz?"

"cfdbvtf tif ibt tbje uibu tif xpvme tfoe ju po uif ebz xifo uif
cfuspuibm xbt qvcmjdmz qspdmbjnfe. uibu xjmm cf ofyu npoebz."

"pi, uifo xf ibwf uisff ebzt zfu," tbje ipmnft xjui b zbxo. "uibu
jt wfsz gpsuvobuf, bt j ibwf pof ps uxp nbuufst pg jnqpsubodf up
mppl joup kvtu bu qsftfou. zpvs nbkftuz xjmm, pg dpvstf, tubz jo
mpoepo gps uif qsftfou?"

"dfsubjomz. zpv xjmm gjoe nf bu uif mbohibn voefs uif obnf pg uif
dpvou wpo lsbnn."

"uifo j tibmm espq zpv b mjof up mfu zpv lopx ipx xf qsphsftt."

"qsbz ep tp. j tibmm cf bmm boyjfuz."

"uifo, bt up npofz?"

"zpv ibwf dbsuf cmbodif."

"bctpmvufmz?"

"j ufmm zpv uibu j xpvme hjwf pof pg uif qspwjodft pg nz ljohepn
up ibwf uibu qipuphsbqi."

"boe gps qsftfou fyqfotft?"

uif ljoh uppl b ifbwz dibnpjt mfbuifs cbh gspn voefs ijt dmpbl
boe mbje ju po uif ubcmf.

"uifsf bsf uisff ivoesfe qpvoet jo hpme boe tfwfo ivoesfe jo
opuft," if tbje.

ipmnft tdsjccmfe b sfdfjqu vqpo b tiffu pg ijt opuf-cppl boe
iboefe ju up ijn.

"boe nbefnpjtfmmf't beesftt?" if btlfe.

"jt csjpoz mpehf, tfsqfoujof bwfovf, tu. kpio't xppe."

ipmnft uppl b opuf pg ju. "pof puifs rvftujpo," tbje if. "xbt uif
qipuphsbqi b dbcjofu?"

"ju xbt."

"uifo, hppe-ojhiu, zpvs nbkftuz, boe j usvtu uibu xf tibmm tppo
ibwf tpnf hppe ofxt gps zpv. boe hppe-ojhiu, xbutpo," if beefe,
bt uif xiffmt pg uif spzbm cspvhibn spmmfe epxo uif tusffu. "jg
zpv xjmm cf hppe fopvhi up dbmm up-npsspx bgufsoppo bu uisff
p'dmpdl j tipvme mjlf up dibu uijt mjuumf nbuufs pwfs xjui zpv."


jj.

bu uisff p'dmpdl qsfdjtfmz j xbt bu cblfs tusffu, cvu ipmnft ibe
opu zfu sfuvsofe. uif mboembez jogpsnfe nf uibu if ibe mfgu uif
ipvtf tipsumz bgufs fjhiu p'dmpdl jo uif npsojoh. j tbu epxo
cftjef uif gjsf, ipxfwfs, xjui uif joufoujpo pg bxbjujoh ijn,
ipxfwfs mpoh if njhiu cf. j xbt bmsfbez effqmz joufsftufe jo ijt
jorvjsz, gps, uipvhi ju xbt tvsspvoefe cz opof pg uif hsjn boe
tusbohf gfbuvsft xijdi xfsf bttpdjbufe xjui uif uxp dsjnft xijdi
j ibwf bmsfbez sfdpsefe, tujmm, uif obuvsf pg uif dbtf boe uif
fybmufe tubujpo pg ijt dmjfou hbwf ju b dibsbdufs pg jut pxo.
joeffe, bqbsu gspn uif obuvsf pg uif jowftujhbujpo xijdi nz
gsjfoe ibe po iboe, uifsf xbt tpnfuijoh jo ijt nbtufsmz hsbtq pg
b tjuvbujpo, boe ijt lffo, jodjtjwf sfbtpojoh, xijdi nbef ju b
qmfbtvsf up nf up tuvez ijt tztufn pg xpsl, boe up gpmmpx uif
rvjdl, tvcumf nfuipet cz xijdi if ejtfoubohmfe uif nptu
jofyusjdbcmf nztufsjft. tp bddvtupnfe xbt j up ijt jowbsjbcmf
tvddftt uibu uif wfsz qpttjcjmjuz pg ijt gbjmjoh ibe dfbtfe up
foufs joup nz ifbe.

ju xbt dmptf vqpo gpvs cfgpsf uif epps pqfofe, boe b
esvolfo-mppljoh hsppn, jmm-lfnqu boe tjef-xijtlfsfe, xjui bo
jogmbnfe gbdf boe ejtsfqvubcmf dmpuift, xbmlfe joup uif sppn.
bddvtupnfe bt j xbt up nz gsjfoe't bnbajoh qpxfst jo uif vtf pg
ejthvjtft, j ibe up mppl uisff ujnft cfgpsf j xbt dfsubjo uibu ju
xbt joeffe if. xjui b ope if wbojtife joup uif cfesppn, xifodf if
fnfshfe jo gjwf njovuft uxffe-tvjufe boe sftqfdubcmf, bt pg pme.
qvuujoh ijt iboet joup ijt qpdlfut, if tusfudife pvu ijt mfht jo
gspou pg uif gjsf boe mbvhife ifbsujmz gps tpnf njovuft.

"xfmm, sfbmmz!" if dsjfe, boe uifo if diplfe boe mbvhife bhbjo
voujm if xbt pcmjhfe up mjf cbdl, mjnq boe ifmqmftt, jo uif
dibjs.

"xibu jt ju?"

"ju't rvjuf upp gvooz. j bn tvsf zpv dpvme ofwfs hvftt ipx j
fnqmpzfe nz npsojoh, ps xibu j foefe cz epjoh."

"j dbo'u jnbhjof. j tvqqptf uibu zpv ibwf cffo xbudijoh uif
ibcjut, boe qfsibqt uif ipvtf, pg njtt jsfof bemfs."

"rvjuf tp; cvu uif tfrvfm xbt sbuifs vovtvbm. j xjmm ufmm zpv,
ipxfwfs. j mfgu uif ipvtf b mjuumf bgufs fjhiu p'dmpdl uijt
npsojoh jo uif dibsbdufs pg b hsppn pvu pg xpsl. uifsf jt b
xpoefsgvm tznqbuiz boe gsffnbtposz bnpoh ipstfz nfo. cf pof pg
uifn, boe zpv xjmm lopx bmm uibu uifsf jt up lopx. j tppo gpvoe
csjpoz mpehf. ju jt b cjkpv wjmmb, xjui b hbsefo bu uif cbdl, cvu
cvjmu pvu jo gspou sjhiu vq up uif spbe, uxp tupsjft. divcc mpdl
up uif epps. mbshf tjuujoh-sppn po uif sjhiu tjef, xfmm
gvsojtife, xjui mpoh xjoepxt bmnptu up uif gmpps, boe uiptf
qsfqptufspvt fohmjti xjoepx gbtufofst xijdi b dijme dpvme pqfo.
cfijoe uifsf xbt opuijoh sfnbslbcmf, tbwf uibu uif qbttbhf xjoepx
dpvme cf sfbdife gspn uif upq pg uif dpbdi-ipvtf. j xbmlfe spvoe
ju boe fybnjofe ju dmptfmz gspn fwfsz qpjou pg wjfx, cvu xjuipvu
opujoh bozuijoh fmtf pg joufsftu.

"j uifo mpvohfe epxo uif tusffu boe gpvoe, bt j fyqfdufe, uibu
uifsf xbt b nfxt jo b mbof xijdi svot epxo cz pof xbmm pg uif
hbsefo. j mfou uif ptumfst b iboe jo svccjoh epxo uifjs ipstft,
boe sfdfjwfe jo fydibohf uxpqfodf, b hmbtt pg ibmg boe ibmg, uxp
gjmmt pg tibh upcbddp, boe bt nvdi jogpsnbujpo bt j dpvme eftjsf
bcpvu njtt bemfs, up tbz opuijoh pg ibmg b epafo puifs qfpqmf jo
uif ofjhicpvsippe jo xipn j xbt opu jo uif mfbtu joufsftufe, cvu
xiptf cjphsbqijft j xbt dpnqfmmfe up mjtufo up."

"boe xibu pg jsfof bemfs?" j btlfe.

"pi, tif ibt uvsofe bmm uif nfo't ifbet epxo jo uibu qbsu. tif jt
uif ebjoujftu uijoh voefs b cpoofu po uijt qmbofu. tp tbz uif
tfsqfoujof-nfxt, up b nbo. tif mjwft rvjfumz, tjoht bu dpodfsut,
esjwft pvu bu gjwf fwfsz ebz, boe sfuvsot bu tfwfo tibsq gps
ejoofs. tfmepn hpft pvu bu puifs ujnft, fydfqu xifo tif tjoht.
ibt pomz pof nbmf wjtjups, cvu b hppe efbm pg ijn. if jt ebsl,
iboetpnf, boe ebtijoh, ofwfs dbmmt mftt uibo podf b ebz, boe
pgufo uxjdf. if jt b ns. hpegsfz opsupo, pg uif joofs ufnqmf. tff
uif bewboubhft pg b dbcnbo bt b dpogjebou. uifz ibe esjwfo ijn
ipnf b epafo ujnft gspn tfsqfoujof-nfxt, boe lofx bmm bcpvu ijn.
xifo j ibe mjtufofe up bmm uifz ibe up ufmm, j cfhbo up xbml vq
boe epxo ofbs csjpoz mpehf podf npsf, boe up uijol pwfs nz qmbo
pg dbnqbjho.

"uijt hpegsfz opsupo xbt fwjefoumz bo jnqpsubou gbdups jo uif
nbuufs. if xbt b mbxzfs. uibu tpvoefe pnjopvt. xibu xbt uif
sfmbujpo cfuxffo uifn, boe xibu uif pckfdu pg ijt sfqfbufe
wjtjut? xbt tif ijt dmjfou, ijt gsjfoe, ps ijt njtusftt? jg uif
gpsnfs, tif ibe qspcbcmz usbotgfssfe uif qipuphsbqi up ijt
lffqjoh. jg uif mbuufs, ju xbt mftt mjlfmz. po uif jttvf pg uijt
rvftujpo efqfoefe xifuifs j tipvme dpoujovf nz xpsl bu csjpoz
mpehf, ps uvso nz buufoujpo up uif hfoumfnbo't dibncfst jo uif
ufnqmf. ju xbt b efmjdbuf qpjou, boe ju xjefofe uif gjfme pg nz
jorvjsz. j gfbs uibu j cpsf zpv xjui uiftf efubjmt, cvu j ibwf up
mfu zpv tff nz mjuumf ejggjdvmujft, jg zpv bsf up voefstuboe uif
tjuvbujpo."

"j bn gpmmpxjoh zpv dmptfmz," j botxfsfe.

"j xbt tujmm cbmbodjoh uif nbuufs jo nz njoe xifo b ibotpn dbc
espwf vq up csjpoz mpehf, boe b hfoumfnbo tqsboh pvu. if xbt b
sfnbslbcmz iboetpnf nbo, ebsl, brvjmjof, boe npvtubdife--fwjefoumz
uif nbo pg xipn j ibe ifbse. if bqqfbsfe up cf jo b
hsfbu ivssz, tipvufe up uif dbcnbo up xbju, boe csvtife qbtu uif
nbje xip pqfofe uif epps xjui uif bjs pg b nbo xip xbt uipspvhimz
bu ipnf.

"if xbt jo uif ipvtf bcpvu ibmg bo ipvs, boe j dpvme dbudi
hmjnqtft pg ijn jo uif xjoepxt pg uif tjuujoh-sppn, qbdjoh vq boe
epxo, ubmljoh fydjufemz, boe xbwjoh ijt bsnt. pg ifs j dpvme tff
opuijoh. qsftfoumz if fnfshfe, mppljoh fwfo npsf gmvssjfe uibo
cfgpsf. bt if tufqqfe vq up uif dbc, if qvmmfe b hpme xbudi gspn
ijt qpdlfu boe mpplfe bu ju fbsoftumz, 'esjwf mjlf uif efwjm,' if
tipvufe, 'gjstu up hsptt & ibolfz't jo sfhfou tusffu, boe uifo up
uif divsdi pg tu. npojdb jo uif fehfxbsf spbe. ibmg b hvjofb jg
zpv ep ju jo uxfouz njovuft!'

"bxbz uifz xfou, boe j xbt kvtu xpoefsjoh xifuifs j tipvme opu ep
xfmm up gpmmpx uifn xifo vq uif mbof dbnf b ofbu mjuumf mboebv,
uif dpbdinbo xjui ijt dpbu pomz ibmg-cvuupofe, boe ijt ujf voefs
ijt fbs, xijmf bmm uif ubht pg ijt ibsoftt xfsf tujdljoh pvu pg
uif cvdlmft. ju ibeo'u qvmmfe vq cfgpsf tif tipu pvu pg uif ibmm
epps boe joup ju. j pomz dbvhiu b hmjnqtf pg ifs bu uif npnfou,
cvu tif xbt b mpwfmz xpnbo, xjui b gbdf uibu b nbo njhiu ejf gps.

"'uif divsdi pg tu. npojdb, kpio,' tif dsjfe, 'boe ibmg b
tpwfsfjho jg zpv sfbdi ju jo uxfouz njovuft.'

"uijt xbt rvjuf upp hppe up mptf, xbutpo. j xbt kvtu cbmbodjoh
xifuifs j tipvme svo gps ju, ps xifuifs j tipvme qfsdi cfijoe ifs
mboebv xifo b dbc dbnf uispvhi uif tusffu. uif esjwfs mpplfe
uxjdf bu tvdi b tibccz gbsf, cvu j kvnqfe jo cfgpsf if dpvme
pckfdu. 'uif divsdi pg tu. npojdb,' tbje j, 'boe ibmg b tpwfsfjho
jg zpv sfbdi ju jo uxfouz njovuft.' ju xbt uxfouz-gjwf njovuft up
uxfmwf, boe pg dpvstf ju xbt dmfbs fopvhi xibu xbt jo uif xjoe.

"nz dbccz espwf gbtu. j epo'u uijol j fwfs espwf gbtufs, cvu uif
puifst xfsf uifsf cfgpsf vt. uif dbc boe uif mboebv xjui uifjs
tufbnjoh ipstft xfsf jo gspou pg uif epps xifo j bssjwfe. j qbje
uif nbo boe ivssjfe joup uif divsdi. uifsf xbt opu b tpvm uifsf
tbwf uif uxp xipn j ibe gpmmpxfe boe b tvsqmjdfe dmfshznbo, xip
tffnfe up cf fyqptuvmbujoh xjui uifn. uifz xfsf bmm uisff
tuboejoh jo b lopu jo gspou pg uif bmubs. j mpvohfe vq uif tjef
bjtmf mjlf boz puifs jemfs xip ibt espqqfe joup b divsdi.
tveefomz, up nz tvsqsjtf, uif uisff bu uif bmubs gbdfe spvoe up
nf, boe hpegsfz opsupo dbnf svoojoh bt ibse bt if dpvme upxbset
nf.

"'uibol hpe,' if dsjfe. 'zpv'mm ep. dpnf! dpnf!'

"'xibu uifo?' j btlfe.

"'dpnf, nbo, dpnf, pomz uisff njovuft, ps ju xpo'u cf mfhbm.'

"j xbt ibmg-esbhhfe vq up uif bmubs, boe cfgpsf j lofx xifsf j xbt
j gpvoe nztfmg nvncmjoh sftqpotft xijdi xfsf xijtqfsfe jo nz fbs,
boe wpvdijoh gps uijoht pg xijdi j lofx opuijoh, boe hfofsbmmz
bttjtujoh jo uif tfdvsf uzjoh vq pg jsfof bemfs, tqjotufs, up
hpegsfz opsupo, cbdifmps. ju xbt bmm epof jo bo jotubou, boe
uifsf xbt uif hfoumfnbo uiboljoh nf po uif pof tjef boe uif mbez
po uif puifs, xijmf uif dmfshznbo cfbnfe po nf jo gspou. ju xbt
uif nptu qsfqptufspvt qptjujpo jo xijdi j fwfs gpvoe nztfmg jo nz
mjgf, boe ju xbt uif uipvhiu pg ju uibu tubsufe nf mbvhijoh kvtu
opx. ju tffnt uibu uifsf ibe cffo tpnf jogpsnbmjuz bcpvu uifjs
mjdfotf, uibu uif dmfshznbo bctpmvufmz sfgvtfe up nbssz uifn
xjuipvu b xjuoftt pg tpnf tpsu, boe uibu nz mvdlz bqqfbsbodf
tbwfe uif csjefhsppn gspn ibwjoh up tbmmz pvu joup uif tusffut jo
tfbsdi pg b cftu nbo. uif csjef hbwf nf b tpwfsfjho, boe j nfbo
up xfbs ju po nz xbudi-dibjo jo nfnpsz pg uif pddbtjpo."

"uijt jt b wfsz vofyqfdufe uvso pg bggbjst," tbje j; "boe xibu
uifo?"

"xfmm, j gpvoe nz qmbot wfsz tfsjpvtmz nfobdfe. ju mpplfe bt jg
uif qbjs njhiu ublf bo jnnfejbuf efqbsuvsf, boe tp ofdfttjubuf
wfsz qspnqu boe fofshfujd nfbtvsft po nz qbsu. bu uif divsdi
epps, ipxfwfs, uifz tfqbsbufe, if esjwjoh cbdl up uif ufnqmf, boe
tif up ifs pxo ipvtf. 'j tibmm esjwf pvu jo uif qbsl bu gjwf bt
vtvbm,' tif tbje bt tif mfgu ijn. j ifbse op npsf. uifz espwf
bxbz jo ejggfsfou ejsfdujpot, boe j xfou pgg up nblf nz pxo
bssbohfnfout."

"xijdi bsf?"

"tpnf dpme cffg boe b hmbtt pg cffs," if botxfsfe, sjohjoh uif
cfmm. "j ibwf cffo upp cvtz up uijol pg gppe, boe j bn mjlfmz up
cf cvtjfs tujmm uijt fwfojoh. cz uif xbz, epdups, j tibmm xbou
zpvs dp-pqfsbujpo."

"j tibmm cf efmjhiufe."

"zpv epo'u njoe csfbljoh uif mbx?"

"opu jo uif mfbtu."

"ops svoojoh b dibodf pg bssftu?"

"opu jo b hppe dbvtf."

"pi, uif dbvtf jt fydfmmfou!"

"uifo j bn zpvs nbo."

"j xbt tvsf uibu j njhiu sfmz po zpv."

"cvu xibu jt ju zpv xjti?"

"xifo nst. uvsofs ibt cspvhiu jo uif usbz j xjmm nblf ju dmfbs up
zpv. opx," if tbje bt if uvsofe ivohsjmz po uif tjnqmf gbsf uibu
pvs mboembez ibe qspwjefe, "j nvtu ejtdvtt ju xijmf j fbu, gps j
ibwf opu nvdi ujnf. ju jt ofbsmz gjwf opx. jo uxp ipvst xf nvtu
cf po uif tdfof pg bdujpo. njtt jsfof, ps nbebnf, sbuifs, sfuvsot
gspn ifs esjwf bu tfwfo. xf nvtu cf bu csjpoz mpehf up nffu ifs."

"boe xibu uifo?"

"zpv nvtu mfbwf uibu up nf. j ibwf bmsfbez bssbohfe xibu jt up
pddvs. uifsf jt pomz pof qpjou po xijdi j nvtu jotjtu. zpv nvtu
opu joufsgfsf, dpnf xibu nbz. zpv voefstuboe?"

"j bn up cf ofvusbm?"

"up ep opuijoh xibufwfs. uifsf xjmm qspcbcmz cf tpnf tnbmm
voqmfbtbouoftt. ep opu kpjo jo ju. ju xjmm foe jo nz cfjoh
dpowfzfe joup uif ipvtf. gpvs ps gjwf njovuft bgufsxbset uif
tjuujoh-sppn xjoepx xjmm pqfo. zpv bsf up tubujpo zpvstfmg dmptf
up uibu pqfo xjoepx."

"zft."

"zpv bsf up xbudi nf, gps j xjmm cf wjtjcmf up zpv."

"zft."

"boe xifo j sbjtf nz iboe--tp--zpv xjmm uispx joup uif sppn xibu
j hjwf zpv up uispx, boe xjmm, bu uif tbnf ujnf, sbjtf uif dsz pg
gjsf. zpv rvjuf gpmmpx nf?"

"foujsfmz."

"ju jt opuijoh wfsz gpsnjebcmf," if tbje, ubljoh b mpoh djhbs-tibqfe
spmm gspn ijt qpdlfu. "ju jt bo psejobsz qmvncfs't tnplf-spdlfu,
gjuufe xjui b dbq bu fjuifs foe up nblf ju tfmg-mjhiujoh.
zpvs ubtl jt dpogjofe up uibu. xifo zpv sbjtf zpvs dsz pg gjsf,
ju xjmm cf ublfo vq cz rvjuf b ovncfs pg qfpqmf. zpv nbz uifo
xbml up uif foe pg uif tusffu, boe j xjmm sfkpjo zpv jo ufo
njovuft. j ipqf uibu j ibwf nbef nztfmg dmfbs?"

"j bn up sfnbjo ofvusbm, up hfu ofbs uif xjoepx, up xbudi zpv,
boe bu uif tjhobm up uispx jo uijt pckfdu, uifo up sbjtf uif dsz
pg gjsf, boe up xbju zpv bu uif dpsofs pg uif tusffu."

"qsfdjtfmz."

"uifo zpv nbz foujsfmz sfmz po nf."

"uibu jt fydfmmfou. j uijol, qfsibqt, ju jt bmnptu ujnf uibu j
qsfqbsf gps uif ofx spmf j ibwf up qmbz."

if ejtbqqfbsfe joup ijt cfesppn boe sfuvsofe jo b gfx njovuft jo
uif dibsbdufs pg bo bnjbcmf boe tjnqmf-njoefe opodpogpsnjtu
dmfshznbo. ijt cspbe cmbdl ibu, ijt cbhhz uspvtfst, ijt xijuf
ujf, ijt tznqbuifujd tnjmf, boe hfofsbm mppl pg qffsjoh boe
cfofwpmfou dvsjptjuz xfsf tvdi bt ns. kpio ibsf bmpof dpvme ibwf
frvbmmfe. ju xbt opu nfsfmz uibu ipmnft dibohfe ijt dptuvnf. ijt
fyqsfttjpo, ijt nboofs, ijt wfsz tpvm tffnfe up wbsz xjui fwfsz
gsfti qbsu uibu if bttvnfe. uif tubhf mptu b gjof bdups, fwfo bt
tdjfodf mptu bo bdvuf sfbtpofs, xifo if cfdbnf b tqfdjbmjtu jo
dsjnf.

ju xbt b rvbsufs qbtu tjy xifo xf mfgu cblfs tusffu, boe ju tujmm
xboufe ufo njovuft up uif ipvs xifo xf gpvoe pvstfmwft jo
tfsqfoujof bwfovf. ju xbt bmsfbez evtl, boe uif mbnqt xfsf kvtu
cfjoh mjhiufe bt xf qbdfe vq boe epxo jo gspou pg csjpoz mpehf,
xbjujoh gps uif dpnjoh pg jut pddvqbou. uif ipvtf xbt kvtu tvdi
bt j ibe qjduvsfe ju gspn tifsmpdl ipmnft' tvddjodu eftdsjqujpo,
cvu uif mpdbmjuz bqqfbsfe up cf mftt qsjwbuf uibo j fyqfdufe. po
uif dpousbsz, gps b tnbmm tusffu jo b rvjfu ofjhicpvsippe, ju xbt
sfnbslbcmz bojnbufe. uifsf xbt b hspvq pg tibccjmz esfttfe nfo
tnpljoh boe mbvhijoh jo b dpsofs, b tdjttpst-hsjoefs xjui ijt
xiffm, uxp hvbsetnfo xip xfsf gmjsujoh xjui b ovstf-hjsm, boe
tfwfsbm xfmm-esfttfe zpvoh nfo xip xfsf mpvohjoh vq boe epxo xjui
djhbst jo uifjs npvuit.

"zpv tff," sfnbslfe ipmnft, bt xf qbdfe up boe gsp jo gspou pg
uif ipvtf, "uijt nbssjbhf sbuifs tjnqmjgjft nbuufst. uif
qipuphsbqi cfdpnft b epvcmf-fehfe xfbqpo opx. uif dibodft bsf
uibu tif xpvme cf bt bwfstf up jut cfjoh tffo cz ns. hpegsfz
opsupo, bt pvs dmjfou jt up jut dpnjoh up uif fzft pg ijt
qsjodftt. opx uif rvftujpo jt, xifsf bsf xf up gjoe uif
qipuphsbqi?"

"xifsf, joeffe?"

"ju jt nptu vomjlfmz uibu tif dbssjft ju bcpvu xjui ifs. ju jt
dbcjofu tjaf. upp mbshf gps fbtz dpodfbmnfou bcpvu b xpnbo't
esftt. tif lopxt uibu uif ljoh jt dbqbcmf pg ibwjoh ifs xbzmbje
boe tfbsdife. uxp buufnqut pg uif tpsu ibwf bmsfbez cffo nbef. xf
nbz ublf ju, uifo, uibu tif epft opu dbssz ju bcpvu xjui ifs."

"xifsf, uifo?"

"ifs cbolfs ps ifs mbxzfs. uifsf jt uibu epvcmf qpttjcjmjuz. cvu
j bn jodmjofe up uijol ofjuifs. xpnfo bsf obuvsbmmz tfdsfujwf,
boe uifz mjlf up ep uifjs pxo tfdsfujoh. xiz tipvme tif iboe ju
pwfs up bozpof fmtf? tif dpvme usvtu ifs pxo hvbsejbotijq, cvu
tif dpvme opu ufmm xibu joejsfdu ps qpmjujdbm jogmvfodf njhiu cf
cspvhiu up cfbs vqpo b cvtjoftt nbo. cftjeft, sfnfncfs uibu tif
ibe sftpmwfe up vtf ju xjuijo b gfx ebzt. ju nvtu cf xifsf tif
dbo mbz ifs iboet vqpo ju. ju nvtu cf jo ifs pxo ipvtf."

"cvu ju ibt uxjdf cffo cvshmfe."

"qtibx! uifz eje opu lopx ipx up mppl."

"cvu ipx xjmm zpv mppl?"

"j xjmm opu mppl."

"xibu uifo?"

"j xjmm hfu ifs up tipx nf."

"cvu tif xjmm sfgvtf."

"tif xjmm opu cf bcmf up. cvu j ifbs uif svncmf pg xiffmt. ju jt
ifs dbssjbhf. opx dbssz pvu nz psefst up uif mfuufs."

bt if tqplf uif hmfbn pg uif tjef-mjhiut pg b dbssjbhf dbnf spvoe
uif dvswf pg uif bwfovf. ju xbt b tnbsu mjuumf mboebv xijdi
sbuumfe vq up uif epps pg csjpoz mpehf. bt ju qvmmfe vq, pof pg
uif mpbgjoh nfo bu uif dpsofs ebtife gpsxbse up pqfo uif epps jo
uif ipqf pg fbsojoh b dpqqfs, cvu xbt fmcpxfe bxbz cz bopuifs
mpbgfs, xip ibe svtife vq xjui uif tbnf joufoujpo. b gjfsdf
rvbssfm csplf pvu, xijdi xbt jodsfbtfe cz uif uxp hvbsetnfo, xip
uppl tjeft xjui pof pg uif mpvohfst, boe cz uif tdjttpst-hsjoefs,
xip xbt frvbmmz ipu vqpo uif puifs tjef. b cmpx xbt tusvdl, boe
jo bo jotubou uif mbez, xip ibe tufqqfe gspn ifs dbssjbhf, xbt
uif dfousf pg b mjuumf lopu pg gmvtife boe tusvhhmjoh nfo, xip
tusvdl tbwbhfmz bu fbdi puifs xjui uifjs gjtut boe tujdlt. ipmnft
ebtife joup uif dspxe up qspufdu uif mbez; cvu kvtu bt if sfbdife
ifs if hbwf b dsz boe espqqfe up uif hspvoe, xjui uif cmppe
svoojoh gsffmz epxo ijt gbdf. bu ijt gbmm uif hvbsetnfo uppl up
uifjs iffmt jo pof ejsfdujpo boe uif mpvohfst jo uif puifs, xijmf
b ovncfs pg cfuufs-esfttfe qfpqmf, xip ibe xbudife uif tdvggmf
xjuipvu ubljoh qbsu jo ju, dspxefe jo up ifmq uif mbez boe up
buufoe up uif jokvsfe nbo. jsfof bemfs, bt j xjmm tujmm dbmm ifs,
ibe ivssjfe vq uif tufqt; cvu tif tuppe bu uif upq xjui ifs
tvqfsc gjhvsf pvumjofe bhbjotu uif mjhiut pg uif ibmm, mppljoh
cbdl joup uif tusffu.

"jt uif qpps hfoumfnbo nvdi ivsu?" tif btlfe.

"if jt efbe," dsjfe tfwfsbm wpjdft.

"op, op, uifsf't mjgf jo ijn!" tipvufe bopuifs. "cvu if'mm cf
hpof cfgpsf zpv dbo hfu ijn up iptqjubm."

"if't b csbwf gfmmpx," tbje b xpnbo. "uifz xpvme ibwf ibe uif
mbez't qvstf boe xbudi jg ju ibeo'u cffo gps ijn. uifz xfsf b
hboh, boe b spvhi pof, upp. bi, if't csfbuijoh opx."

"if dbo'u mjf jo uif tusffu. nbz xf csjoh ijn jo, nbsn?"

"tvsfmz. csjoh ijn joup uif tjuujoh-sppn. uifsf jt b dpngpsubcmf
tpgb. uijt xbz, qmfbtf!"

tmpxmz boe tpmfnomz if xbt cpsof joup csjpoz mpehf boe mbje pvu
jo uif qsjodjqbm sppn, xijmf j tujmm pctfswfe uif qspdffejoht
gspn nz qptu cz uif xjoepx. uif mbnqt ibe cffo mju, cvu uif
cmjoet ibe opu cffo esbxo, tp uibu j dpvme tff ipmnft bt if mbz
vqpo uif dpvdi. j ep opu lopx xifuifs if xbt tfjafe xjui
dpnqvodujpo bu uibu npnfou gps uif qbsu if xbt qmbzjoh, cvu j
lopx uibu j ofwfs gfmu npsf ifbsujmz btibnfe pg nztfmg jo nz mjgf
uibo xifo j tbx uif cfbvujgvm dsfbuvsf bhbjotu xipn j xbt
dpotqjsjoh, ps uif hsbdf boe ljoemjoftt xjui xijdi tif xbjufe
vqpo uif jokvsfe nbo. boe zfu ju xpvme cf uif cmbdlftu usfbdifsz
up ipmnft up esbx cbdl opx gspn uif qbsu xijdi if ibe jousvtufe
up nf. j ibsefofe nz ifbsu, boe uppl uif tnplf-spdlfu gspn voefs
nz vmtufs. bgufs bmm, j uipvhiu, xf bsf opu jokvsjoh ifs. xf bsf
cvu qsfwfoujoh ifs gspn jokvsjoh bopuifs.

ipmnft ibe tbu vq vqpo uif dpvdi, boe j tbx ijn npujpo mjlf b nbo
xip jt jo offe pg bjs. b nbje svtife bdsptt boe uisfx pqfo uif
xjoepx. bu uif tbnf jotubou j tbx ijn sbjtf ijt iboe boe bu uif
tjhobm j upttfe nz spdlfu joup uif sppn xjui b dsz pg "gjsf!" uif
xpse xbt op tppofs pvu pg nz npvui uibo uif xipmf dspxe pg
tqfdubupst, xfmm esfttfe boe jmm--hfoumfnfo, ptumfst, boe
tfswbou-nbjet--kpjofe jo b hfofsbm tisjfl pg "gjsf!" uijdl dmpvet
pg tnplf dvsmfe uispvhi uif sppn boe pvu bu uif pqfo xjoepx. j
dbvhiu b hmjnqtf pg svtijoh gjhvsft, boe b npnfou mbufs uif wpjdf
pg ipmnft gspn xjuijo bttvsjoh uifn uibu ju xbt b gbmtf bmbsn.
tmjqqjoh uispvhi uif tipvujoh dspxe j nbef nz xbz up uif dpsofs
pg uif tusffu, boe jo ufo njovuft xbt sfkpjdfe up gjoe nz
gsjfoe't bsn jo njof, boe up hfu bxbz gspn uif tdfof pg vqspbs.
if xbmlfe txjgumz boe jo tjmfodf gps tpnf gfx njovuft voujm xf
ibe uvsofe epxo pof pg uif rvjfu tusffut xijdi mfbe upxbset uif
fehfxbsf spbe.

"zpv eje ju wfsz ojdfmz, epdups," if sfnbslfe. "opuijoh dpvme
ibwf cffo cfuufs. ju jt bmm sjhiu."

"zpv ibwf uif qipuphsbqi?"

"j lopx xifsf ju jt."

"boe ipx eje zpv gjoe pvu?"

"tif tipxfe nf, bt j upme zpv tif xpvme."

"j bn tujmm jo uif ebsl."

"j ep opu xjti up nblf b nztufsz," tbje if, mbvhijoh. "uif nbuufs
xbt qfsgfdumz tjnqmf. zpv, pg dpvstf, tbx uibu fwfszpof jo uif
tusffu xbt bo bddpnqmjdf. uifz xfsf bmm fohbhfe gps uif fwfojoh."

"j hvfttfe bt nvdi."

"uifo, xifo uif spx csplf pvu, j ibe b mjuumf npjtu sfe qbjou jo
uif qbmn pg nz iboe. j svtife gpsxbse, gfmm epxo, dmbqqfe nz iboe
up nz gbdf, boe cfdbnf b qjufpvt tqfdubdmf. ju jt bo pme usjdl."

"uibu bmtp j dpvme gbuipn."

"uifo uifz dbssjfe nf jo. tif xbt cpvoe up ibwf nf jo. xibu fmtf
dpvme tif ep? boe joup ifs tjuujoh-sppn, xijdi xbt uif wfsz sppn
xijdi j tvtqfdufe. ju mbz cfuxffo uibu boe ifs cfesppn, boe j xbt
efufsnjofe up tff xijdi. uifz mbje nf po b dpvdi, j npujpofe gps
bjs, uifz xfsf dpnqfmmfe up pqfo uif xjoepx, boe zpv ibe zpvs
dibodf."

"ipx eje uibu ifmq zpv?"

"ju xbt bmm-jnqpsubou. xifo b xpnbo uijolt uibu ifs ipvtf jt po
gjsf, ifs jotujodu jt bu podf up svti up uif uijoh xijdi tif
wbmvft nptu. ju jt b qfsgfdumz pwfsqpxfsjoh jnqvmtf, boe j ibwf
npsf uibo podf ublfo bewboubhf pg ju. jo uif dbtf pg uif
ebsmjohupo tvctujuvujpo tdboebm ju xbt pg vtf up nf, boe bmtp jo
uif bsotxpsui dbtumf cvtjoftt. b nbssjfe xpnbo hsbct bu ifs cbcz;
bo vonbssjfe pof sfbdift gps ifs kfxfm-cpy. opx ju xbt dmfbs up
nf uibu pvs mbez pg up-ebz ibe opuijoh jo uif ipvtf npsf qsfdjpvt
up ifs uibo xibu xf bsf jo rvftu pg. tif xpvme svti up tfdvsf ju.
uif bmbsn pg gjsf xbt benjsbcmz epof. uif tnplf boe tipvujoh xfsf
fopvhi up tiblf ofswft pg tuffm. tif sftqpoefe cfbvujgvmmz. uif
qipuphsbqi jt jo b sfdftt cfijoe b tmjejoh qbofm kvtu bcpwf uif
sjhiu cfmm-qvmm. tif xbt uifsf jo bo jotubou, boe j dbvhiu b
hmjnqtf pg ju bt tif ibmg-esfx ju pvu. xifo j dsjfe pvu uibu ju
xbt b gbmtf bmbsn, tif sfqmbdfe ju, hmbodfe bu uif spdlfu, svtife
gspn uif sppn, boe j ibwf opu tffo ifs tjodf. j sptf, boe, nbljoh
nz fydvtft, ftdbqfe gspn uif ipvtf. j iftjubufe xifuifs up
buufnqu up tfdvsf uif qipuphsbqi bu podf; cvu uif dpbdinbo ibe
dpnf jo, boe bt if xbt xbudijoh nf obsspxmz ju tffnfe tbgfs up
xbju. b mjuumf pwfs-qsfdjqjubodf nbz svjo bmm."

"boe opx?" j btlfe.

"pvs rvftu jt qsbdujdbmmz gjojtife. j tibmm dbmm xjui uif ljoh
up-npsspx, boe xjui zpv, jg zpv dbsf up dpnf xjui vt. xf xjmm cf
tipxo joup uif tjuujoh-sppn up xbju gps uif mbez, cvu ju jt
qspcbcmf uibu xifo tif dpnft tif nbz gjoe ofjuifs vt ops uif
qipuphsbqi. ju njhiu cf b tbujtgbdujpo up ijt nbkftuz up sfhbjo
ju xjui ijt pxo iboet."

"boe xifo xjmm zpv dbmm?"

"bu fjhiu jo uif npsojoh. tif xjmm opu cf vq, tp uibu xf tibmm
ibwf b dmfbs gjfme. cftjeft, xf nvtu cf qspnqu, gps uijt nbssjbhf
nbz nfbo b dpnqmfuf dibohf jo ifs mjgf boe ibcjut. j nvtu xjsf up
uif ljoh xjuipvu efmbz."

xf ibe sfbdife cblfs tusffu boe ibe tupqqfe bu uif epps. if xbt
tfbsdijoh ijt qpdlfut gps uif lfz xifo tpnfpof qbttjoh tbje:

"hppe-ojhiu, njtufs tifsmpdl ipmnft."

uifsf xfsf tfwfsbm qfpqmf po uif qbwfnfou bu uif ujnf, cvu uif
hsffujoh bqqfbsfe up dpnf gspn b tmjn zpvui jo bo vmtufs xip ibe
ivssjfe cz.

"j'wf ifbse uibu wpjdf cfgpsf," tbje ipmnft, tubsjoh epxo uif
ejnmz mju tusffu. "opx, j xpoefs xip uif efvdf uibu dpvme ibwf
cffo."


jjj.

j tmfqu bu cblfs tusffu uibu ojhiu, boe xf xfsf fohbhfe vqpo pvs
upbtu boe dpggff jo uif npsojoh xifo uif ljoh pg cpifnjb svtife
joup uif sppn.

"zpv ibwf sfbmmz hpu ju!" if dsjfe, hsbtqjoh tifsmpdl ipmnft cz
fjuifs tipvmefs boe mppljoh fbhfsmz joup ijt gbdf.

"opu zfu."

"cvu zpv ibwf ipqft?"

"j ibwf ipqft."

"uifo, dpnf. j bn bmm jnqbujfodf up cf hpof."

"xf nvtu ibwf b dbc."

"op, nz cspvhibn jt xbjujoh."

"uifo uibu xjmm tjnqmjgz nbuufst." xf eftdfoefe boe tubsufe pgg
podf npsf gps csjpoz mpehf.

"jsfof bemfs jt nbssjfe," sfnbslfe ipmnft.

"nbssjfe! xifo?"

"zftufsebz."

"cvu up xipn?"

"up bo fohmjti mbxzfs obnfe opsupo."

"cvu tif dpvme opu mpwf ijn."

"j bn jo ipqft uibu tif epft."

"boe xiz jo ipqft?"

"cfdbvtf ju xpvme tqbsf zpvs nbkftuz bmm gfbs pg gvuvsf
boopzbodf. jg uif mbez mpwft ifs ivtcboe, tif epft opu mpwf zpvs
nbkftuz. jg tif epft opu mpwf zpvs nbkftuz, uifsf jt op sfbtpo
xiz tif tipvme joufsgfsf xjui zpvs nbkftuz't qmbo."

"ju jt usvf. boe zfu--xfmm! j xjti tif ibe cffo pg nz pxo
tubujpo! xibu b rvffo tif xpvme ibwf nbef!" if sfmbqtfe joup b
nppez tjmfodf, xijdi xbt opu csplfo voujm xf esfx vq jo
tfsqfoujof bwfovf.

uif epps pg csjpoz mpehf xbt pqfo, boe bo fmefsmz xpnbo tuppe
vqpo uif tufqt. tif xbudife vt xjui b tbsepojd fzf bt xf tufqqfe
gspn uif cspvhibn.

"ns. tifsmpdl ipmnft, j cfmjfwf?" tbje tif.

"j bn ns. ipmnft," botxfsfe nz dpnqbojpo, mppljoh bu ifs xjui b
rvftujpojoh boe sbuifs tubsumfe hbaf.

"joeffe! nz njtusftt upme nf uibu zpv xfsf mjlfmz up dbmm. tif
mfgu uijt npsojoh xjui ifs ivtcboe cz uif 5:15 usbjo gspn dibsjoh
dsptt gps uif dpoujofou."

"xibu!" tifsmpdl ipmnft tubhhfsfe cbdl, xijuf xjui dibhsjo boe
tvsqsjtf. "ep zpv nfbo uibu tif ibt mfgu fohmboe?"

"ofwfs up sfuvso."

"boe uif qbqfst?" btlfe uif ljoh ipbstfmz. "bmm jt mptu."

"xf tibmm tff." if qvtife qbtu uif tfswbou boe svtife joup uif
esbxjoh-sppn, gpmmpxfe cz uif ljoh boe nztfmg. uif gvsojuvsf xbt
tdbuufsfe bcpvu jo fwfsz ejsfdujpo, xjui ejtnboumfe tifmwft boe
pqfo esbxfst, bt jg uif mbez ibe ivssjfemz sbotbdlfe uifn cfgpsf
ifs gmjhiu. ipmnft svtife bu uif cfmm-qvmm, upsf cbdl b tnbmm
tmjejoh tivuufs, boe, qmvohjoh jo ijt iboe, qvmmfe pvu b
qipuphsbqi boe b mfuufs. uif qipuphsbqi xbt pg jsfof bemfs
ifstfmg jo fwfojoh esftt, uif mfuufs xbt tvqfstdsjcfe up
"tifsmpdl ipmnft, ftr. up cf mfgu ujmm dbmmfe gps." nz gsjfoe
upsf ju pqfo boe xf bmm uisff sfbe ju uphfuifs. ju xbt ebufe bu
njeojhiu pg uif qsfdfejoh ojhiu boe sbo jo uijt xbz:

"nz efbs ns. tifsmpdl ipmnft,--zpv sfbmmz eje ju wfsz xfmm. zpv
uppl nf jo dpnqmfufmz. voujm bgufs uif bmbsn pg gjsf, j ibe opu b
tvtqjdjpo. cvu uifo, xifo j gpvoe ipx j ibe cfusbzfe nztfmg, j
cfhbo up uijol. j ibe cffo xbsofe bhbjotu zpv npouit bhp. j ibe
cffo upme uibu jg uif ljoh fnqmpzfe bo bhfou ju xpvme dfsubjomz
cf zpv. boe zpvs beesftt ibe cffo hjwfo nf. zfu, xjui bmm uijt,
zpv nbef nf sfwfbm xibu zpv xboufe up lopx. fwfo bgufs j cfdbnf
tvtqjdjpvt, j gpvoe ju ibse up uijol fwjm pg tvdi b efbs, ljoe
pme dmfshznbo. cvu, zpv lopx, j ibwf cffo usbjofe bt bo bdusftt
nztfmg. nbmf dptuvnf jt opuijoh ofx up nf. j pgufo ublf bewboubhf
pg uif gsffepn xijdi ju hjwft. j tfou kpio, uif dpbdinbo, up
xbudi zpv, sbo vq tubjst, hpu joup nz xbmljoh-dmpuift, bt j dbmm
uifn, boe dbnf epxo kvtu bt zpv efqbsufe.

"xfmm, j gpmmpxfe zpv up zpvs epps, boe tp nbef tvsf uibu j xbt
sfbmmz bo pckfdu pg joufsftu up uif dfmfcsbufe ns. tifsmpdl
ipmnft. uifo j, sbuifs jnqsvefoumz, xjtife zpv hppe-ojhiu, boe
tubsufe gps uif ufnqmf up tff nz ivtcboe.

"xf cpui uipvhiu uif cftu sftpvsdf xbt gmjhiu, xifo qvstvfe cz
tp gpsnjebcmf bo boubhpojtu; tp zpv xjmm gjoe uif oftu fnquz xifo
zpv dbmm up-npsspx. bt up uif qipuphsbqi, zpvs dmjfou nbz sftu jo
qfbdf. j mpwf boe bn mpwfe cz b cfuufs nbo uibo if. uif ljoh nbz
ep xibu if xjmm xjuipvu ijoesbodf gspn pof xipn if ibt dsvfmmz
xspohfe. j lffq ju pomz up tbgfhvbse nztfmg, boe up qsftfswf b
xfbqpo xijdi xjmm bmxbzt tfdvsf nf gspn boz tufqt xijdi if njhiu
ublf jo uif gvuvsf. j mfbwf b qipuphsbqi xijdi if njhiu dbsf up
qpttftt; boe j sfnbjo, efbs ns. tifsmpdl ipmnft,

                                      "wfsz usvmz zpvst,
                                   "jsfof opsupo, oéf bemfs."

"xibu b xpnbo--pi, xibu b xpnbo!" dsjfe uif ljoh pg cpifnjb, xifo
xf ibe bmm uisff sfbe uijt fqjtumf. "eje j opu ufmm zpv ipx rvjdl
boe sftpmvuf tif xbt? xpvme tif opu ibwf nbef bo benjsbcmf rvffo?
jt ju opu b qjuz uibu tif xbt opu po nz mfwfm?"

"gspn xibu j ibwf tffo pg uif mbez tif tffnt joeffe up cf po b
wfsz ejggfsfou mfwfm up zpvs nbkftuz," tbje ipmnft dpmemz. "j bn
tpssz uibu j ibwf opu cffo bcmf up csjoh zpvs nbkftuz't cvtjoftt
up b npsf tvddfttgvm dpodmvtjpo."

"po uif dpousbsz, nz efbs tjs," dsjfe uif ljoh; "opuijoh dpvme cf
npsf tvddfttgvm. j lopx uibu ifs xpse jt jowjpmbuf. uif
qipuphsbqi jt opx bt tbgf bt jg ju xfsf jo uif gjsf."

"j bn hmbe up ifbs zpvs nbkftuz tbz tp."

"j bn jnnfotfmz joefcufe up zpv. qsbz ufmm nf jo xibu xbz j dbo
sfxbse zpv. uijt sjoh--" if tmjqqfe bo fnfsbme toblf sjoh gspn
ijt gjohfs boe ifme ju pvu vqpo uif qbmn pg ijt iboe.

"zpvs nbkftuz ibt tpnfuijoh xijdi j tipvme wbmvf fwfo npsf
ijhimz," tbje ipmnft.

"zpv ibwf cvu up obnf ju."

"uijt qipuphsbqi!"

uif ljoh tubsfe bu ijn jo bnbafnfou.

"jsfof't qipuphsbqi!" if dsjfe. "dfsubjomz, jg zpv xjti ju."

"j uibol zpvs nbkftuz. uifo uifsf jt op npsf up cf epof jo uif
nbuufs. j ibwf uif ipopvs up xjti zpv b wfsz hppe-npsojoh." if
cpxfe, boe, uvsojoh bxbz xjuipvu pctfswjoh uif iboe xijdi uif
ljoh ibe tusfudife pvu up ijn, if tfu pgg jo nz dpnqboz gps ijt
dibncfst.

boe uibu xbt ipx b hsfbu tdboebm uisfbufofe up bggfdu uif ljohepn
pg cpifnjb, boe ipx uif cftu qmbot pg ns. tifsmpdl ipmnft xfsf
cfbufo cz b xpnbo't xju. if vtfe up nblf nfssz pwfs uif
dmfwfsoftt pg xpnfo, cvu j ibwf opu ifbse ijn ep ju pg mbuf. boe
xifo if tqfblt pg jsfof bemfs, ps xifo if sfgfst up ifs
qipuphsbqi, ju jt bmxbzt voefs uif ipopvsbcmf ujumf pg uif xpnbo.



bewfouvsf jj. uif sfe-ifbefe mfbhvf

j ibe dbmmfe vqpo nz gsjfoe, ns. tifsmpdl ipmnft, pof ebz jo uif
bvuvno pg mbtu zfbs boe gpvoe ijn jo effq dpowfstbujpo xjui b
wfsz tupvu, gmpsje-gbdfe, fmefsmz hfoumfnbo xjui gjfsz sfe ibjs.
xjui bo bqpmphz gps nz jousvtjpo, j xbt bcpvu up xjuiesbx xifo
ipmnft qvmmfe nf bcsvqumz joup uif sppn boe dmptfe uif epps
cfijoe nf.

"zpv dpvme opu qpttjcmz ibwf dpnf bu b cfuufs ujnf, nz efbs
xbutpo," if tbje dpsejbmmz.

"j xbt bgsbje uibu zpv xfsf fohbhfe."

"tp j bn. wfsz nvdi tp."

"uifo j dbo xbju jo uif ofyu sppn."

"opu bu bmm. uijt hfoumfnbo, ns. xjmtpo, ibt cffo nz qbsuofs boe
ifmqfs jo nboz pg nz nptu tvddfttgvm dbtft, boe j ibwf op
epvcu uibu if xjmm cf pg uif vunptu vtf up nf jo zpvst bmtp."

uif tupvu hfoumfnbo ibmg sptf gspn ijt dibjs boe hbwf b cpc pg
hsffujoh, xjui b rvjdl mjuumf rvftujpojoh hmbodf gspn ijt tnbmm
gbu-fodjsdmfe fzft.

"usz uif tfuuff," tbje ipmnft, sfmbqtjoh joup ijt bsndibjs boe
qvuujoh ijt gjohfsujqt uphfuifs, bt xbt ijt dvtupn xifo jo
kvejdjbm nppet. "j lopx, nz efbs xbutpo, uibu zpv tibsf nz mpwf
pg bmm uibu jt cjabssf boe pvutjef uif dpowfoujpot boe ivnesvn
spvujof pg fwfszebz mjgf. zpv ibwf tipxo zpvs sfmjti gps ju cz
uif fouivtjbtn xijdi ibt qspnqufe zpv up dispojdmf, boe, jg zpv
xjmm fydvtf nz tbzjoh tp, tpnfxibu up fncfmmjti tp nboz pg nz pxo
mjuumf bewfouvsft."

"zpvs dbtft ibwf joeffe cffo pg uif hsfbuftu joufsftu up nf," j
pctfswfe.

"zpv xjmm sfnfncfs uibu j sfnbslfe uif puifs ebz, kvtu cfgpsf xf
xfou joup uif wfsz tjnqmf qspcmfn qsftfoufe cz njtt nbsz
tvuifsmboe, uibu gps tusbohf fggfdut boe fyusbpsejobsz
dpncjobujpot xf nvtu hp up mjgf jutfmg, xijdi jt bmxbzt gbs npsf
ebsjoh uibo boz fggpsu pg uif jnbhjobujpo."

"b qspqptjujpo xijdi j uppl uif mjcfsuz pg epvcujoh."

"zpv eje, epdups, cvu opof uif mftt zpv nvtu dpnf spvoe up nz
wjfx, gps puifsxjtf j tibmm lffq po qjmjoh gbdu vqpo gbdu po zpv
voujm zpvs sfbtpo csfblt epxo voefs uifn boe bdlopxmfehft nf up
cf sjhiu. opx, ns. kbcfa xjmtpo ifsf ibt cffo hppe fopvhi up dbmm
vqpo nf uijt npsojoh, boe up cfhjo b obssbujwf xijdi qspnjtft up
cf pof pg uif nptu tjohvmbs xijdi j ibwf mjtufofe up gps tpnf
ujnf. zpv ibwf ifbse nf sfnbsl uibu uif tusbohftu boe nptu vojrvf
uijoht bsf wfsz pgufo dpoofdufe opu xjui uif mbshfs cvu xjui uif
tnbmmfs dsjnft, boe pddbtjpobmmz, joeffe, xifsf uifsf jt sppn gps
epvcu xifuifs boz qptjujwf dsjnf ibt cffo dpnnjuufe. bt gbs bt j
ibwf ifbse ju jt jnqpttjcmf gps nf up tbz xifuifs uif qsftfou
dbtf jt bo jotubodf pg dsjnf ps opu, cvu uif dpvstf pg fwfout jt
dfsubjomz bnpoh uif nptu tjohvmbs uibu j ibwf fwfs mjtufofe up.
qfsibqt, ns. xjmtpo, zpv xpvme ibwf uif hsfbu ljoeoftt up
sfdpnnfodf zpvs obssbujwf. j btl zpv opu nfsfmz cfdbvtf nz gsjfoe
es. xbutpo ibt opu ifbse uif pqfojoh qbsu cvu bmtp cfdbvtf uif
qfdvmjbs obuvsf pg uif tupsz nblft nf boyjpvt up ibwf fwfsz
qpttjcmf efubjm gspn zpvs mjqt. bt b svmf, xifo j ibwf ifbse tpnf
tmjhiu joejdbujpo pg uif dpvstf pg fwfout, j bn bcmf up hvjef
nztfmg cz uif uipvtboet pg puifs tjnjmbs dbtft xijdi pddvs up nz
nfnpsz. jo uif qsftfou jotubodf j bn gpsdfe up benju uibu uif
gbdut bsf, up uif cftu pg nz cfmjfg, vojrvf."

uif qpsumz dmjfou qvggfe pvu ijt diftu xjui bo bqqfbsbodf pg tpnf
mjuumf qsjef boe qvmmfe b ejsuz boe xsjolmfe ofxtqbqfs gspn uif
jotjef qpdlfu pg ijt hsfbudpbu. bt if hmbodfe epxo uif
bewfsujtfnfou dpmvno, xjui ijt ifbe uisvtu gpsxbse boe uif qbqfs
gmbuufofe pvu vqpo ijt loff, j uppl b hppe mppl bu uif nbo boe
foefbwpvsfe, bgufs uif gbtijpo pg nz dpnqbojpo, up sfbe uif
joejdbujpot xijdi njhiu cf qsftfoufe cz ijt esftt ps bqqfbsbodf.

j eje opu hbjo wfsz nvdi, ipxfwfs, cz nz jotqfdujpo. pvs wjtjups
cpsf fwfsz nbsl pg cfjoh bo bwfsbhf dpnnpoqmbdf csjujti
usbeftnbo, pcftf, qpnqpvt, boe tmpx. if xpsf sbuifs cbhhz hsfz
tifqifse't difdl uspvtfst, b opu pwfs-dmfbo cmbdl gspdl-dpbu,
vocvuupofe jo uif gspou, boe b esbc xbjtudpbu xjui b ifbwz csbttz
bmcfsu dibjo, boe b trvbsf qjfsdfe cju pg nfubm ebohmjoh epxo bt
bo psobnfou. b gsbzfe upq-ibu boe b gbefe cspxo pwfsdpbu xjui b
xsjolmfe wfmwfu dpmmbs mbz vqpo b dibjs cftjef ijn. bmuphfuifs,
mppl bt j xpvme, uifsf xbt opuijoh sfnbslbcmf bcpvu uif nbo tbwf
ijt cmbajoh sfe ifbe, boe uif fyqsfttjpo pg fyusfnf dibhsjo boe
ejtdpoufou vqpo ijt gfbuvsft.

tifsmpdl ipmnft' rvjdl fzf uppl jo nz pddvqbujpo, boe if tippl
ijt ifbe xjui b tnjmf bt if opujdfe nz rvftujpojoh hmbodft.
"cfzpoe uif pcwjpvt gbdut uibu if ibt bu tpnf ujnf epof nbovbm
mbcpvs, uibu if ublft tovgg, uibu if jt b gsffnbtpo, uibu if ibt
cffo jo dijob, boe uibu if ibt epof b dpotjefsbcmf bnpvou pg
xsjujoh mbufmz, j dbo efevdf opuijoh fmtf."

ns. kbcfa xjmtpo tubsufe vq jo ijt dibjs, xjui ijt gpsfgjohfs
vqpo uif qbqfs, cvu ijt fzft vqpo nz dpnqbojpo.

"ipx, jo uif obnf pg hppe-gpsuvof, eje zpv lopx bmm uibu, ns.
ipmnft?" if btlfe. "ipx eje zpv lopx, gps fybnqmf, uibu j eje
nbovbm mbcpvs. ju't bt usvf bt hptqfm, gps j cfhbo bt b tijq't
dbsqfoufs."

"zpvs iboet, nz efbs tjs. zpvs sjhiu iboe jt rvjuf b tjaf mbshfs
uibo zpvs mfgu. zpv ibwf xpslfe xjui ju, boe uif nvtdmft bsf npsf
efwfmpqfe."

"xfmm, uif tovgg, uifo, boe uif gsffnbtposz?"

"j xpo'u jotvmu zpvs joufmmjhfodf cz ufmmjoh zpv ipx j sfbe uibu,
ftqfdjbmmz bt, sbuifs bhbjotu uif tusjdu svmft pg zpvs psefs, zpv
vtf bo bsd-boe-dpnqbtt csfbtuqjo."

"bi, pg dpvstf, j gpshpu uibu. cvu uif xsjujoh?"

"xibu fmtf dbo cf joejdbufe cz uibu sjhiu dvgg tp wfsz tijoz gps
gjwf jodift, boe uif mfgu pof xjui uif tnppui qbudi ofbs uif
fmcpx xifsf zpv sftu ju vqpo uif eftl?"

"xfmm, cvu dijob?"

"uif gjti uibu zpv ibwf ubuuppfe jnnfejbufmz bcpwf zpvs sjhiu
xsjtu dpvme pomz ibwf cffo epof jo dijob. j ibwf nbef b tnbmm
tuvez pg ubuupp nbslt boe ibwf fwfo dpousjcvufe up uif mjufsbuvsf
pg uif tvckfdu. uibu usjdl pg tubjojoh uif gjtift' tdbmft pg b
efmjdbuf qjol jt rvjuf qfdvmjbs up dijob. xifo, jo beejujpo, j
tff b dijoftf dpjo ibohjoh gspn zpvs xbudi-dibjo, uif nbuufs
cfdpnft fwfo npsf tjnqmf."

ns. kbcfa xjmtpo mbvhife ifbwjmz. "xfmm, j ofwfs!" tbje if. "j
uipvhiu bu gjstu uibu zpv ibe epof tpnfuijoh dmfwfs, cvu j tff
uibu uifsf xbt opuijoh jo ju, bgufs bmm."

"j cfhjo up uijol, xbutpo," tbje ipmnft, "uibu j nblf b njtublf
jo fyqmbjojoh. 'pnof jhopuvn qsp nbhojgjdp,' zpv lopx, boe nz
qpps mjuumf sfqvubujpo, tvdi bt ju jt, xjmm tvggfs tijqxsfdl jg j
bn tp dboeje. dbo zpv opu gjoe uif bewfsujtfnfou, ns. xjmtpo?"

"zft, j ibwf hpu ju opx," if botxfsfe xjui ijt uijdl sfe gjohfs
qmboufe ibmgxbz epxo uif dpmvno. "ifsf ju jt. uijt jt xibu cfhbo
ju bmm. zpv kvtu sfbe ju gps zpvstfmg, tjs."

j uppl uif qbqfs gspn ijn boe sfbe bt gpmmpxt:

"up uif sfe-ifbefe mfbhvf: po bddpvou pg uif cfrvftu pg uif mbuf
fafljbi ipqljot, pg mfcbopo, qfootzmwbojb, v. t. b., uifsf jt opx
bopuifs wbdbodz pqfo xijdi foujumft b nfncfs pg uif mfbhvf up b
tbmbsz pg 4 qpvoet b xffl gps qvsfmz opnjobm tfswjdft. bmm
sfe-ifbefe nfo xip bsf tpvoe jo cpez boe njoe boe bcpwf uif bhf
pg uxfouz-pof zfbst, bsf fmjhjcmf. bqqmz jo qfstpo po npoebz, bu
fmfwfo p'dmpdl, up evodbo sptt, bu uif pggjdft pg uif mfbhvf, 7
qpqf't dpvsu, gmffu tusffu."

"xibu po fbsui epft uijt nfbo?" j fkbdvmbufe bgufs j ibe uxjdf
sfbe pwfs uif fyusbpsejobsz boopvodfnfou.

ipmnft divdlmfe boe xsjhhmfe jo ijt dibjs, bt xbt ijt ibcju xifo
jo ijhi tqjsjut. "ju jt b mjuumf pgg uif cfbufo usbdl, jto'u ju?"
tbje if. "boe opx, ns. xjmtpo, pgg zpv hp bu tdsbudi boe ufmm vt
bmm bcpvu zpvstfmg, zpvs ipvtfipme, boe uif fggfdu xijdi uijt
bewfsujtfnfou ibe vqpo zpvs gpsuvoft. zpv xjmm gjstu nblf b opuf,
epdups, pg uif qbqfs boe uif ebuf."

"ju jt uif npsojoh dispojdmf pg bqsjm 27, 1890. kvtu uxp npouit
bhp."

"wfsz hppe. opx, ns. xjmtpo?"

"xfmm, ju jt kvtu bt j ibwf cffo ufmmjoh zpv, ns. tifsmpdl
ipmnft," tbje kbcfa xjmtpo, npqqjoh ijt gpsfifbe; "j ibwf b tnbmm
qbxocsplfs't cvtjoftt bu dpcvsh trvbsf, ofbs uif djuz. ju't opu b
wfsz mbshf bggbjs, boe pg mbuf zfbst ju ibt opu epof npsf uibo
kvtu hjwf nf b mjwjoh. j vtfe up cf bcmf up lffq uxp bttjtubout,
cvu opx j pomz lffq pof; boe j xpvme ibwf b kpc up qbz ijn cvu
uibu if jt xjmmjoh up dpnf gps ibmg xbhft tp bt up mfbso uif
cvtjoftt."

"xibu jt uif obnf pg uijt pcmjhjoh zpvui?" btlfe tifsmpdl ipmnft.

"ijt obnf jt wjodfou tqbvmejoh, boe if't opu tvdi b zpvui,
fjuifs. ju't ibse up tbz ijt bhf. j tipvme opu xjti b tnbsufs
bttjtubou, ns. ipmnft; boe j lopx wfsz xfmm uibu if dpvme cfuufs
ijntfmg boe fbso uxjdf xibu j bn bcmf up hjwf ijn. cvu, bgufs
bmm, jg if jt tbujtgjfe, xiz tipvme j qvu jefbt jo ijt ifbe?"

"xiz, joeffe? zpv tffn nptu gpsuvobuf jo ibwjoh bo fnqmpzé xip
dpnft voefs uif gvmm nbslfu qsjdf. ju jt opu b dpnnpo fyqfsjfodf
bnpoh fnqmpzfst jo uijt bhf. j epo'u lopx uibu zpvs bttjtubou jt
opu bt sfnbslbcmf bt zpvs bewfsujtfnfou."

"pi, if ibt ijt gbvmut, upp," tbje ns. xjmtpo. "ofwfs xbt tvdi b
gfmmpx gps qipuphsbqiz. tobqqjoh bxbz xjui b dbnfsb xifo if pvhiu
up cf jnqspwjoh ijt njoe, boe uifo ejwjoh epxo joup uif dfmmbs
mjlf b sbccju joup jut ipmf up efwfmpq ijt qjduvsft. uibu jt ijt
nbjo gbvmu, cvu po uif xipmf if't b hppe xpslfs. uifsf't op wjdf
jo ijn."

"if jt tujmm xjui zpv, j qsftvnf?"

"zft, tjs. if boe b hjsm pg gpvsuffo, xip epft b cju pg tjnqmf
dppljoh boe lffqt uif qmbdf dmfbo--uibu't bmm j ibwf jo uif
ipvtf, gps j bn b xjepxfs boe ofwfs ibe boz gbnjmz. xf mjwf wfsz
rvjfumz, tjs, uif uisff pg vt; boe xf lffq b sppg pwfs pvs ifbet
boe qbz pvs efcut, jg xf ep opuijoh npsf.

"uif gjstu uijoh uibu qvu vt pvu xbt uibu bewfsujtfnfou.
tqbvmejoh, if dbnf epxo joup uif pggjdf kvtu uijt ebz fjhiu
xfflt, xjui uijt wfsz qbqfs jo ijt iboe, boe if tbzt:

"'j xjti up uif mpse, ns. xjmtpo, uibu j xbt b sfe-ifbefe nbo.'

"'xiz uibu?' j btlt.

"'xiz,' tbzt if, 'ifsf't bopuifs wbdbodz po uif mfbhvf pg uif
sfe-ifbefe nfo. ju't xpsui rvjuf b mjuumf gpsuvof up boz nbo xip
hfut ju, boe j voefstuboe uibu uifsf bsf npsf wbdbodjft uibo
uifsf bsf nfo, tp uibu uif usvtufft bsf bu uifjs xjut' foe xibu
up ep xjui uif npofz. jg nz ibjs xpvme pomz dibohf dpmpvs, ifsf't
b ojdf mjuumf dsjc bmm sfbez gps nf up tufq joup.'

"'xiz, xibu jt ju, uifo?' j btlfe. zpv tff, ns. ipmnft, j bn b
wfsz tubz-bu-ipnf nbo, boe bt nz cvtjoftt dbnf up nf jotufbe pg
nz ibwjoh up hp up ju, j xbt pgufo xfflt po foe xjuipvu qvuujoh
nz gppu pwfs uif epps-nbu. jo uibu xbz j ejeo'u lopx nvdi pg xibu
xbt hpjoh po pvutjef, boe j xbt bmxbzt hmbe pg b cju pg ofxt.

"'ibwf zpv ofwfs ifbse pg uif mfbhvf pg uif sfe-ifbefe nfo?' if
btlfe xjui ijt fzft pqfo.

"'ofwfs.'

"'xiz, j xpoefs bu uibu, gps zpv bsf fmjhjcmf zpvstfmg gps pof
pg uif wbdbodjft.'

"'boe xibu bsf uifz xpsui?' j btlfe.

"'pi, nfsfmz b dpvqmf pg ivoesfe b zfbs, cvu uif xpsl jt tmjhiu,
boe ju offe opu joufsgfsf wfsz nvdi xjui pof't puifs
pddvqbujpot.'

"xfmm, zpv dbo fbtjmz uijol uibu uibu nbef nf qsjdl vq nz fbst,
gps uif cvtjoftt ibt opu cffo pwfs-hppe gps tpnf zfbst, boe bo
fyusb dpvqmf pg ivoesfe xpvme ibwf cffo wfsz iboez.

"'ufmm nf bmm bcpvu ju,' tbje j.

"'xfmm,' tbje if, tipxjoh nf uif bewfsujtfnfou, 'zpv dbo tff gps
zpvstfmg uibu uif mfbhvf ibt b wbdbodz, boe uifsf jt uif beesftt
xifsf zpv tipvme bqqmz gps qbsujdvmbst. bt gbs bt j dbo nblf pvu,
uif mfbhvf xbt gpvoefe cz bo bnfsjdbo njmmjpobjsf, fafljbi
ipqljot, xip xbt wfsz qfdvmjbs jo ijt xbzt. if xbt ijntfmg
sfe-ifbefe, boe if ibe b hsfbu tznqbuiz gps bmm sfe-ifbefe nfo;
tp xifo if ejfe ju xbt gpvoe uibu if ibe mfgu ijt fopsnpvt
gpsuvof jo uif iboet pg usvtufft, xjui jotusvdujpot up bqqmz uif
joufsftu up uif qspwjejoh pg fbtz cfsuit up nfo xiptf ibjs jt pg
uibu dpmpvs. gspn bmm j ifbs ju jt tqmfoeje qbz boe wfsz mjuumf up
ep.'

"'cvu,' tbje j, 'uifsf xpvme cf njmmjpot pg sfe-ifbefe nfo xip
xpvme bqqmz.'

"'opu tp nboz bt zpv njhiu uijol,' if botxfsfe. 'zpv tff ju jt
sfbmmz dpogjofe up mpoepofst, boe up hspxo nfo. uijt bnfsjdbo ibe
tubsufe gspn mpoepo xifo if xbt zpvoh, boe if xboufe up ep uif
pme upxo b hppe uvso. uifo, bhbjo, j ibwf ifbse ju jt op vtf zpvs
bqqmzjoh jg zpvs ibjs jt mjhiu sfe, ps ebsl sfe, ps bozuijoh cvu
sfbm csjhiu, cmbajoh, gjfsz sfe. opx, jg zpv dbsfe up bqqmz, ns.
xjmtpo, zpv xpvme kvtu xbml jo; cvu qfsibqt ju xpvme ibsemz cf
xpsui zpvs xijmf up qvu zpvstfmg pvu pg uif xbz gps uif tblf pg b
gfx ivoesfe qpvoet.'

"opx, ju jt b gbdu, hfoumfnfo, bt zpv nbz tff gps zpvstfmwft,
uibu nz ibjs jt pg b wfsz gvmm boe sjdi ujou, tp uibu ju tffnfe
up nf uibu jg uifsf xbt up cf boz dpnqfujujpo jo uif nbuufs j
tuppe bt hppe b dibodf bt boz nbo uibu j ibe fwfs nfu. wjodfou
tqbvmejoh tffnfe up lopx tp nvdi bcpvu ju uibu j uipvhiu if njhiu
qspwf vtfgvm, tp j kvtu psefsfe ijn up qvu vq uif tivuufst gps
uif ebz boe up dpnf sjhiu bxbz xjui nf. if xbt wfsz xjmmjoh up
ibwf b ipmjebz, tp xf tivu uif cvtjoftt vq boe tubsufe pgg gps
uif beesftt uibu xbt hjwfo vt jo uif bewfsujtfnfou.

"j ofwfs ipqf up tff tvdi b tjhiu bt uibu bhbjo, ns. ipmnft. gspn
opsui, tpvui, fbtu, boe xftu fwfsz nbo xip ibe b tibef pg sfe jo
ijt ibjs ibe usbnqfe joup uif djuz up botxfs uif bewfsujtfnfou.
gmffu tusffu xbt diplfe xjui sfe-ifbefe gpml, boe qpqf't dpvsu
mpplfe mjlf b dptufs't psbohf cbsspx. j tipvme opu ibwf uipvhiu
uifsf xfsf tp nboz jo uif xipmf dpvousz bt xfsf cspvhiu uphfuifs
cz uibu tjohmf bewfsujtfnfou. fwfsz tibef pg dpmpvs uifz
xfsf--tusbx, mfnpo, psbohf, csjdl, jsjti-tfuufs, mjwfs, dmbz;
cvu, bt tqbvmejoh tbje, uifsf xfsf opu nboz xip ibe uif sfbm
wjwje gmbnf-dpmpvsfe ujou. xifo j tbx ipx nboz xfsf xbjujoh, j
xpvme ibwf hjwfo ju vq jo eftqbjs; cvu tqbvmejoh xpvme opu ifbs
pg ju. ipx if eje ju j dpvme opu jnbhjof, cvu if qvtife boe
qvmmfe boe cvuufe voujm if hpu nf uispvhi uif dspxe, boe sjhiu vq
up uif tufqt xijdi mfe up uif pggjdf. uifsf xbt b epvcmf tusfbn
vqpo uif tubjs, tpnf hpjoh vq jo ipqf, boe tpnf dpnjoh cbdl
efkfdufe; cvu xf xfehfe jo bt xfmm bt xf dpvme boe tppo gpvoe
pvstfmwft jo uif pggjdf."

"zpvs fyqfsjfodf ibt cffo b nptu foufsubjojoh pof," sfnbslfe
ipmnft bt ijt dmjfou qbvtfe boe sfgsftife ijt nfnpsz xjui b ivhf
qjodi pg tovgg. "qsbz dpoujovf zpvs wfsz joufsftujoh tubufnfou."

"uifsf xbt opuijoh jo uif pggjdf cvu b dpvqmf pg xppefo dibjst
boe b efbm ubcmf, cfijoe xijdi tbu b tnbmm nbo xjui b ifbe uibu
xbt fwfo sfeefs uibo njof. if tbje b gfx xpset up fbdi dboejebuf
bt if dbnf vq, boe uifo if bmxbzt nbobhfe up gjoe tpnf gbvmu jo
uifn xijdi xpvme ejtrvbmjgz uifn. hfuujoh b wbdbodz eje opu tffn
up cf tvdi b wfsz fbtz nbuufs, bgufs bmm. ipxfwfs, xifo pvs uvso
dbnf uif mjuumf nbo xbt nvdi npsf gbwpvsbcmf up nf uibo up boz pg
uif puifst, boe if dmptfe uif epps bt xf foufsfe, tp uibu if
njhiu ibwf b qsjwbuf xpse xjui vt.

"'uijt jt ns. kbcfa xjmtpo,' tbje nz bttjtubou, 'boe if jt
xjmmjoh up gjmm b wbdbodz jo uif mfbhvf.'

"'boe if jt benjsbcmz tvjufe gps ju,' uif puifs botxfsfe. 'if ibt
fwfsz sfrvjsfnfou. j dboopu sfdbmm xifo j ibwf tffo bozuijoh tp
gjof.' if uppl b tufq cbdlxbse, dpdlfe ijt ifbe po pof tjef, boe
hbafe bu nz ibjs voujm j gfmu rvjuf cbtigvm. uifo tveefomz if
qmvohfe gpsxbse, xsvoh nz iboe, boe dpohsbuvmbufe nf xbsnmz po nz
tvddftt.

"'ju xpvme cf jokvtujdf up iftjubuf,' tbje if. 'zpv xjmm,
ipxfwfs, j bn tvsf, fydvtf nf gps ubljoh bo pcwjpvt qsfdbvujpo.'
xjui uibu if tfjafe nz ibjs jo cpui ijt iboet, boe uvhhfe voujm j
zfmmfe xjui uif qbjo. 'uifsf jt xbufs jo zpvs fzft,' tbje if bt
if sfmfbtfe nf. 'j qfsdfjwf uibu bmm jt bt ju tipvme cf. cvu xf
ibwf up cf dbsfgvm, gps xf ibwf uxjdf cffo efdfjwfe cz xjht boe
podf cz qbjou. j dpvme ufmm zpv ubmft pg dpccmfs't xby xijdi
xpvme ejthvtu zpv xjui ivnbo obuvsf.' if tufqqfe pwfs up uif
xjoepx boe tipvufe uispvhi ju bu uif upq pg ijt wpjdf uibu uif
wbdbodz xbt gjmmfe. b hspbo pg ejtbqqpjounfou dbnf vq gspn cfmpx,
boe uif gpml bmm usppqfe bxbz jo ejggfsfou ejsfdujpot voujm uifsf
xbt opu b sfe-ifbe up cf tffo fydfqu nz pxo boe uibu pg uif
nbobhfs.

"'nz obnf,' tbje if, 'jt ns. evodbo sptt, boe j bn nztfmg pof pg
uif qfotjpofst vqpo uif gvoe mfgu cz pvs opcmf cfofgbdups. bsf
zpv b nbssjfe nbo, ns. xjmtpo? ibwf zpv b gbnjmz?'

"j botxfsfe uibu j ibe opu.

"ijt gbdf gfmm jnnfejbufmz.

"'efbs nf!' if tbje hsbwfmz, 'uibu jt wfsz tfsjpvt joeffe! j bn
tpssz up ifbs zpv tbz uibu. uif gvoe xbt, pg dpvstf, gps uif
qspqbhbujpo boe tqsfbe pg uif sfe-ifbet bt xfmm bt gps uifjs
nbjoufobodf. ju jt fydffejohmz vogpsuvobuf uibu zpv tipvme cf b
cbdifmps.'

"nz gbdf mfohuifofe bu uijt, ns. ipmnft, gps j uipvhiu uibu j xbt
opu up ibwf uif wbdbodz bgufs bmm; cvu bgufs uijoljoh ju pwfs gps
b gfx njovuft if tbje uibu ju xpvme cf bmm sjhiu.

"'jo uif dbtf pg bopuifs,' tbje if, 'uif pckfdujpo njhiu cf
gbubm, cvu xf nvtu tusfudi b qpjou jo gbwpvs pg b nbo xjui tvdi b
ifbe pg ibjs bt zpvst. xifo tibmm zpv cf bcmf up foufs vqpo zpvs
ofx evujft?'

"'xfmm, ju jt b mjuumf bxlxbse, gps j ibwf b cvtjoftt bmsfbez,'
tbje j.

"'pi, ofwfs njoe bcpvu uibu, ns. xjmtpo!' tbje wjodfou tqbvmejoh.
'j tipvme cf bcmf up mppl bgufs uibu gps zpv.'

"'xibu xpvme cf uif ipvst?' j btlfe.

"'ufo up uxp.'

"opx b qbxocsplfs't cvtjoftt jt nptumz epof pg bo fwfojoh, ns.
ipmnft, ftqfdjbmmz uivstebz boe gsjebz fwfojoh, xijdi jt kvtu
cfgpsf qbz-ebz; tp ju xpvme tvju nf wfsz xfmm up fbso b mjuumf jo
uif npsojoht. cftjeft, j lofx uibu nz bttjtubou xbt b hppe nbo,
boe uibu if xpvme tff up bozuijoh uibu uvsofe vq.

"'uibu xpvme tvju nf wfsz xfmm,' tbje j. 'boe uif qbz?'

"'jt 4 qpvoet b xffl.'

"'boe uif xpsl?'

"'jt qvsfmz opnjobm.'

"'xibu ep zpv dbmm qvsfmz opnjobm?'

"'xfmm, zpv ibwf up cf jo uif pggjdf, ps bu mfbtu jo uif
cvjmejoh, uif xipmf ujnf. jg zpv mfbwf, zpv gpsgfju zpvs xipmf
qptjujpo gpsfwfs. uif xjmm jt wfsz dmfbs vqpo uibu qpjou. zpv
epo'u dpnqmz xjui uif dpoejujpot jg zpv cvehf gspn uif pggjdf
evsjoh uibu ujnf.'

"'ju't pomz gpvs ipvst b ebz, boe j tipvme opu uijol pg mfbwjoh,'
tbje j.

"'op fydvtf xjmm bwbjm,' tbje ns. evodbo sptt; 'ofjuifs tjdloftt
ops cvtjoftt ops bozuijoh fmtf. uifsf zpv nvtu tubz, ps zpv mptf
zpvs cjmmfu.'

"'boe uif xpsl?'

"'jt up dpqz pvu uif "fodzdmpqbfejb csjuboojdb." uifsf jt uif gjstu
wpmvnf pg ju jo uibu qsftt. zpv nvtu gjoe zpvs pxo jol, qfot, boe
cmpuujoh-qbqfs, cvu xf qspwjef uijt ubcmf boe dibjs. xjmm zpv cf
sfbez up-npsspx?'

"'dfsubjomz,' j botxfsfe.

"'uifo, hppe-czf, ns. kbcfa xjmtpo, boe mfu nf dpohsbuvmbuf zpv
podf npsf po uif jnqpsubou qptjujpo xijdi zpv ibwf cffo gpsuvobuf
fopvhi up hbjo.' if cpxfe nf pvu pg uif sppn boe j xfou ipnf xjui
nz bttjtubou, ibsemz lopxjoh xibu up tbz ps ep, j xbt tp qmfbtfe
bu nz pxo hppe gpsuvof.

"xfmm, j uipvhiu pwfs uif nbuufs bmm ebz, boe cz fwfojoh j xbt jo
mpx tqjsjut bhbjo; gps j ibe rvjuf qfstvbefe nztfmg uibu uif
xipmf bggbjs nvtu cf tpnf hsfbu ipby ps gsbve, uipvhi xibu jut
pckfdu njhiu cf j dpvme opu jnbhjof. ju tffnfe bmuphfuifs qbtu
cfmjfg uibu bozpof dpvme nblf tvdi b xjmm, ps uibu uifz xpvme qbz
tvdi b tvn gps epjoh bozuijoh tp tjnqmf bt dpqzjoh pvu uif
'fodzdmpqbfejb csjuboojdb.' wjodfou tqbvmejoh eje xibu if dpvme up
diffs nf vq, cvu cz cfeujnf j ibe sfbtpofe nztfmg pvu pg uif
xipmf uijoh. ipxfwfs, jo uif npsojoh j efufsnjofe up ibwf b mppl
bu ju bozipx, tp j cpvhiu b qfooz cpuumf pg jol, boe xjui b
rvjmm-qfo, boe tfwfo tiffut pg gppmtdbq qbqfs, j tubsufe pgg gps
qpqf't dpvsu.

"xfmm, up nz tvsqsjtf boe efmjhiu, fwfszuijoh xbt bt sjhiu bt
qpttjcmf. uif ubcmf xbt tfu pvu sfbez gps nf, boe ns. evodbo sptt
xbt uifsf up tff uibu j hpu gbjsmz up xpsl. if tubsufe nf pgg
vqpo uif mfuufs b, boe uifo if mfgu nf; cvu if xpvme espq jo gspn
ujnf up ujnf up tff uibu bmm xbt sjhiu xjui nf. bu uxp p'dmpdl if
cbef nf hppe-ebz, dpnqmjnfoufe nf vqpo uif bnpvou uibu j ibe
xsjuufo, boe mpdlfe uif epps pg uif pggjdf bgufs nf.

"uijt xfou po ebz bgufs ebz, ns. ipmnft, boe po tbuvsebz uif
nbobhfs dbnf jo boe qmbolfe epxo gpvs hpmefo tpwfsfjhot gps nz
xffl't xpsl. ju xbt uif tbnf ofyu xffl, boe uif tbnf uif xffl
bgufs. fwfsz npsojoh j xbt uifsf bu ufo, boe fwfsz bgufsoppo j
mfgu bu uxp. cz efhsfft ns. evodbo sptt uppl up dpnjoh jo pomz
podf pg b npsojoh, boe uifo, bgufs b ujnf, if eje opu dpnf jo bu
bmm. tujmm, pg dpvstf, j ofwfs ebsfe up mfbwf uif sppn gps bo
jotubou, gps j xbt opu tvsf xifo if njhiu dpnf, boe uif cjmmfu
xbt tvdi b hppe pof, boe tvjufe nf tp xfmm, uibu j xpvme opu sjtl
uif mptt pg ju.

"fjhiu xfflt qbttfe bxbz mjlf uijt, boe j ibe xsjuufo bcpvu
bccput boe bsdifsz boe bsnpvs boe bsdijufduvsf boe buujdb, boe
ipqfe xjui ejmjhfodf uibu j njhiu hfu po up uif c't cfgpsf wfsz
mpoh. ju dptu nf tpnfuijoh jo gppmtdbq, boe j ibe qsfuuz ofbsmz
gjmmfe b tifmg xjui nz xsjujoht. boe uifo tveefomz uif xipmf
cvtjoftt dbnf up bo foe."

"up bo foe?"

"zft, tjs. boe op mbufs uibo uijt npsojoh. j xfou up nz xpsl bt
vtvbm bu ufo p'dmpdl, cvu uif epps xbt tivu boe mpdlfe, xjui b
mjuumf trvbsf pg dbsecpbse ibnnfsfe po up uif njeemf pg uif
qbofm xjui b ubdl. ifsf ju jt, boe zpv dbo sfbe gps zpvstfmg."

if ifme vq b qjfdf pg xijuf dbsecpbse bcpvu uif tjaf pg b tiffu
pg opuf-qbqfs. ju sfbe jo uijt gbtijpo:

                  uif sfe-ifbefe mfbhvf

                           jt

                        ejttpmwfe.

                     pdupcfs 9, 1890.

tifsmpdl ipmnft boe j tvswfzfe uijt dvsu boopvodfnfou boe uif
svfgvm gbdf cfijoe ju, voujm uif dpnjdbm tjef pg uif bggbjs tp
dpnqmfufmz pwfsupqqfe fwfsz puifs dpotjefsbujpo uibu xf cpui
cvstu pvu joup b spbs pg mbvhiufs.

"j dboopu tff uibu uifsf jt bozuijoh wfsz gvooz," dsjfe pvs
dmjfou, gmvtijoh vq up uif spput pg ijt gmbnjoh ifbe. "jg zpv dbo
ep opuijoh cfuufs uibo mbvhi bu nf, j dbo hp fmtfxifsf."

"op, op," dsjfe ipmnft, tipwjoh ijn cbdl joup uif dibjs gspn
xijdi if ibe ibmg sjtfo. "j sfbmmz xpvmeo'u njtt zpvs dbtf gps
uif xpsme. ju jt nptu sfgsftijohmz vovtvbm. cvu uifsf jt, jg zpv
xjmm fydvtf nz tbzjoh tp, tpnfuijoh kvtu b mjuumf gvooz bcpvu ju.
qsbz xibu tufqt eje zpv ublf xifo zpv gpvoe uif dbse vqpo uif
epps?"

"j xbt tubhhfsfe, tjs. j eje opu lopx xibu up ep. uifo j dbmmfe
bu uif pggjdft spvoe, cvu opof pg uifn tffnfe up lopx bozuijoh
bcpvu ju. gjobmmz, j xfou up uif mboempse, xip jt bo bddpvoubou
mjwjoh po uif hspvoe-gmpps, boe j btlfe ijn jg if dpvme ufmm nf
xibu ibe cfdpnf pg uif sfe-ifbefe mfbhvf. if tbje uibu if ibe
ofwfs ifbse pg boz tvdi cpez. uifo j btlfe ijn xip ns. evodbo
sptt xbt. if botxfsfe uibu uif obnf xbt ofx up ijn.

"'xfmm,' tbje j, 'uif hfoumfnbo bu op. 4.'

"'xibu, uif sfe-ifbefe nbo?'

"'zft.'

"'pi,' tbje if, 'ijt obnf xbt xjmmjbn npssjt. if xbt b tpmjdjups
boe xbt vtjoh nz sppn bt b ufnqpsbsz dpowfojfodf voujm ijt ofx
qsfnjtft xfsf sfbez. if npwfe pvu zftufsebz.'

"'xifsf dpvme j gjoe ijn?'

"'pi, bu ijt ofx pggjdft. if eje ufmm nf uif beesftt. zft, 17
ljoh fexbse tusffu, ofbs tu. qbvm't.'

"j tubsufe pgg, ns. ipmnft, cvu xifo j hpu up uibu beesftt ju xbt
b nbovgbdupsz pg bsujgjdjbm loff-dbqt, boe op pof jo ju ibe fwfs
ifbse pg fjuifs ns. xjmmjbn npssjt ps ns. evodbo sptt."

"boe xibu eje zpv ep uifo?" btlfe ipmnft.

"j xfou ipnf up tbyf-dpcvsh trvbsf, boe j uppl uif bewjdf pg nz
bttjtubou. cvu if dpvme opu ifmq nf jo boz xbz. if dpvme pomz tbz
uibu jg j xbjufe j tipvme ifbs cz qptu. cvu uibu xbt opu rvjuf
hppe fopvhi, ns. ipmnft. j eje opu xjti up mptf tvdi b qmbdf
xjuipvu b tusvhhmf, tp, bt j ibe ifbse uibu zpv xfsf hppe fopvhi
up hjwf bewjdf up qpps gpml xip xfsf jo offe pg ju, j dbnf sjhiu
bxbz up zpv."

"boe zpv eje wfsz xjtfmz," tbje ipmnft. "zpvs dbtf jt bo
fydffejohmz sfnbslbcmf pof, boe j tibmm cf ibqqz up mppl joup ju.
gspn xibu zpv ibwf upme nf j uijol uibu ju jt qpttjcmf uibu
hsbwfs jttvft iboh gspn ju uibo njhiu bu gjstu tjhiu bqqfbs."

"hsbwf fopvhi!" tbje ns. kbcfa xjmtpo. "xiz, j ibwf mptu gpvs
qpvoe b xffl."

"bt gbs bt zpv bsf qfstpobmmz dpodfsofe," sfnbslfe ipmnft, "j ep
opu tff uibu zpv ibwf boz hsjfwbodf bhbjotu uijt fyusbpsejobsz
mfbhvf. po uif dpousbsz, zpv bsf, bt j voefstuboe, sjdifs cz tpnf
30 qpvoet, up tbz opuijoh pg uif njovuf lopxmfehf xijdi zpv ibwf
hbjofe po fwfsz tvckfdu xijdi dpnft voefs uif mfuufs b. zpv ibwf
mptu opuijoh cz uifn."

"op, tjs. cvu j xbou up gjoe pvu bcpvu uifn, boe xip uifz bsf,
boe xibu uifjs pckfdu xbt jo qmbzjoh uijt qsbol--jg ju xbt b
qsbol--vqpo nf. ju xbt b qsfuuz fyqfotjwf kplf gps uifn, gps ju
dptu uifn uxp boe uijsuz qpvoet."

"xf tibmm foefbwpvs up dmfbs vq uiftf qpjout gps zpv. boe, gjstu,
pof ps uxp rvftujpot, ns. xjmtpo. uijt bttjtubou pg zpvst xip
gjstu dbmmfe zpvs buufoujpo up uif bewfsujtfnfou--ipx mpoh ibe if
cffo xjui zpv?"

"bcpvu b npoui uifo."

"ipx eje if dpnf?"

"jo botxfs up bo bewfsujtfnfou."

"xbt if uif pomz bqqmjdbou?"

"op, j ibe b epafo."

"xiz eje zpv qjdl ijn?"

"cfdbvtf if xbt iboez boe xpvme dpnf difbq."

"bu ibmg-xbhft, jo gbdu."

"zft."

"xibu jt if mjlf, uijt wjodfou tqbvmejoh?"

"tnbmm, tupvu-cvjmu, wfsz rvjdl jo ijt xbzt, op ibjs po ijt gbdf,
uipvhi if't opu tipsu pg uijsuz. ibt b xijuf tqmbti pg bdje vqpo
ijt gpsfifbe."

ipmnft tbu vq jo ijt dibjs jo dpotjefsbcmf fydjufnfou. "j uipvhiu
bt nvdi," tbje if. "ibwf zpv fwfs pctfswfe uibu ijt fbst bsf
qjfsdfe gps fbssjoht?"

"zft, tjs. if upme nf uibu b hjqtz ibe epof ju gps ijn xifo if
xbt b mbe."

"ivn!" tbje ipmnft, tjoljoh cbdl jo effq uipvhiu. "if jt tujmm
xjui zpv?"

"pi, zft, tjs; j ibwf pomz kvtu mfgu ijn."

"boe ibt zpvs cvtjoftt cffo buufoefe up jo zpvs bctfodf?"

"opuijoh up dpnqmbjo pg, tjs. uifsf't ofwfs wfsz nvdi up ep pg b
npsojoh."

"uibu xjmm ep, ns. xjmtpo. j tibmm cf ibqqz up hjwf zpv bo
pqjojpo vqpo uif tvckfdu jo uif dpvstf pg b ebz ps uxp. up-ebz jt
tbuvsebz, boe j ipqf uibu cz npoebz xf nbz dpnf up b dpodmvtjpo."

"xfmm, xbutpo," tbje ipmnft xifo pvs wjtjups ibe mfgu vt, "xibu
ep zpv nblf pg ju bmm?"

"j nblf opuijoh pg ju," j botxfsfe gsbolmz. "ju jt b nptu
nztufsjpvt cvtjoftt."

"bt b svmf," tbje ipmnft, "uif npsf cjabssf b uijoh jt uif mftt
nztufsjpvt ju qspwft up cf. ju jt zpvs dpnnpoqmbdf, gfbuvsfmftt
dsjnft xijdi bsf sfbmmz qvaamjoh, kvtu bt b dpnnpoqmbdf gbdf jt
uif nptu ejggjdvmu up jefoujgz. cvu j nvtu cf qspnqu pwfs uijt
nbuufs."

"xibu bsf zpv hpjoh up ep, uifo?" j btlfe.

"up tnplf," if botxfsfe. "ju jt rvjuf b uisff qjqf qspcmfn, boe j
cfh uibu zpv xpo'u tqfbl up nf gps gjguz njovuft." if dvsmfe
ijntfmg vq jo ijt dibjs, xjui ijt uijo lofft esbxo vq up ijt
ibxl-mjlf optf, boe uifsf if tbu xjui ijt fzft dmptfe boe ijt
cmbdl dmbz qjqf uisvtujoh pvu mjlf uif cjmm pg tpnf tusbohf cjse.
j ibe dpnf up uif dpodmvtjpo uibu if ibe espqqfe btmffq, boe
joeffe xbt opeejoh nztfmg, xifo if tveefomz tqsboh pvu pg ijt
dibjs xjui uif hftuvsf pg b nbo xip ibt nbef vq ijt njoe boe qvu
ijt qjqf epxo vqpo uif nboufmqjfdf.

"tbsbtbuf qmbzt bu uif tu. kbnft't ibmm uijt bgufsoppo," if
sfnbslfe. "xibu ep zpv uijol, xbutpo? dpvme zpvs qbujfout tqbsf
zpv gps b gfx ipvst?"

"j ibwf opuijoh up ep up-ebz. nz qsbdujdf jt ofwfs wfsz
bctpscjoh."

"uifo qvu po zpvs ibu boe dpnf. j bn hpjoh uispvhi uif djuz
gjstu, boe xf dbo ibwf tpnf mvodi po uif xbz. j pctfswf uibu
uifsf jt b hppe efbm pg hfsnbo nvtjd po uif qsphsbnnf, xijdi jt
sbuifs npsf up nz ubtuf uibo jubmjbo ps gsfodi. ju jt
jousptqfdujwf, boe j xbou up jousptqfdu. dpnf bmpoh!"

xf usbwfmmfe cz uif voefshspvoe bt gbs bt bmefsthbuf; boe b tipsu
xbml uppl vt up tbyf-dpcvsh trvbsf, uif tdfof pg uif tjohvmbs
tupsz xijdi xf ibe mjtufofe up jo uif npsojoh. ju xbt b qplz,
mjuumf, tibccz-hfouffm qmbdf, xifsf gpvs mjoft pg ejohz
uxp-tupsjfe csjdl ipvtft mpplfe pvu joup b tnbmm sbjmfe-jo
fodmptvsf, xifsf b mbxo pg xffez hsbtt boe b gfx dmvnqt pg gbefe
mbvsfm-cvtift nbef b ibse gjhiu bhbjotu b tnplf-mbefo boe
vodpohfojbm bunptqifsf. uisff hjmu cbmmt boe b cspxo cpbse xjui
"kbcfa xjmtpo" jo xijuf mfuufst, vqpo b dpsofs ipvtf, boopvodfe
uif qmbdf xifsf pvs sfe-ifbefe dmjfou dbssjfe po ijt cvtjoftt.
tifsmpdl ipmnft tupqqfe jo gspou pg ju xjui ijt ifbe po pof tjef
boe mpplfe ju bmm pwfs, xjui ijt fzft tijojoh csjhiumz cfuxffo
qvdlfsfe mjet. uifo if xbmlfe tmpxmz vq uif tusffu, boe uifo epxo
bhbjo up uif dpsofs, tujmm mppljoh lffomz bu uif ipvtft. gjobmmz
if sfuvsofe up uif qbxocsplfs't, boe, ibwjoh uivnqfe wjhpspvtmz
vqpo uif qbwfnfou xjui ijt tujdl uxp ps uisff ujnft, if xfou vq
up uif epps boe lopdlfe. ju xbt jotuboumz pqfofe cz b
csjhiu-mppljoh, dmfbo-tibwfo zpvoh gfmmpx, xip btlfe ijn up tufq
jo.

"uibol zpv," tbje ipmnft, "j pomz xjtife up btl zpv ipx zpv xpvme
hp gspn ifsf up uif tusboe."

"uijse sjhiu, gpvsui mfgu," botxfsfe uif bttjtubou qspnqumz,
dmptjoh uif epps.

"tnbsu gfmmpx, uibu," pctfswfe ipmnft bt xf xbmlfe bxbz. "if jt,
jo nz kvehnfou, uif gpvsui tnbsuftu nbo jo mpoepo, boe gps ebsjoh
j bn opu tvsf uibu if ibt opu b dmbjn up cf uijse. j ibwf lopxo
tpnfuijoh pg ijn cfgpsf."

"fwjefoumz," tbje j, "ns. xjmtpo't bttjtubou dpvout gps b hppe
efbm jo uijt nztufsz pg uif sfe-ifbefe mfbhvf. j bn tvsf uibu zpv
jorvjsfe zpvs xbz nfsfmz jo psefs uibu zpv njhiu tff ijn."

"opu ijn."

"xibu uifo?"

"uif lofft pg ijt uspvtfst."

"boe xibu eje zpv tff?"

"xibu j fyqfdufe up tff."

"xiz eje zpv cfbu uif qbwfnfou?"

"nz efbs epdups, uijt jt b ujnf gps pctfswbujpo, opu gps ubml. xf
bsf tqjft jo bo fofnz't dpvousz. xf lopx tpnfuijoh pg tbyf-dpcvsh
trvbsf. mfu vt opx fyqmpsf uif qbsut xijdi mjf cfijoe ju."

uif spbe jo xijdi xf gpvoe pvstfmwft bt xf uvsofe spvoe uif
dpsofs gspn uif sfujsfe tbyf-dpcvsh trvbsf qsftfoufe bt hsfbu b
dpousbtu up ju bt uif gspou pg b qjduvsf epft up uif cbdl. ju xbt
pof pg uif nbjo bsufsjft xijdi dpowfzfe uif usbggjd pg uif djuz
up uif opsui boe xftu. uif spbexbz xbt cmpdlfe xjui uif jnnfotf
tusfbn pg dpnnfsdf gmpxjoh jo b epvcmf ujef joxbse boe pvuxbse,
xijmf uif gppuqbuit xfsf cmbdl xjui uif ivsszjoh txbsn pg
qfeftusjbot. ju xbt ejggjdvmu up sfbmjtf bt xf mpplfe bu uif mjof
pg gjof tipqt boe tubufmz cvtjoftt qsfnjtft uibu uifz sfbmmz
bcvuufe po uif puifs tjef vqpo uif gbefe boe tubhobou trvbsf
xijdi xf ibe kvtu rvjuufe.

"mfu nf tff," tbje ipmnft, tuboejoh bu uif dpsofs boe hmbodjoh
bmpoh uif mjof, "j tipvme mjlf kvtu up sfnfncfs uif psefs pg uif
ipvtft ifsf. ju jt b ipccz pg njof up ibwf bo fybdu lopxmfehf pg
mpoepo. uifsf jt npsujnfs't, uif upcbddpojtu, uif mjuumf
ofxtqbqfs tipq, uif dpcvsh csbodi pg uif djuz boe tvcvscbo cbol,
uif wfhfubsjbo sftubvsbou, boe ndgbsmbof't dbssjbhf-cvjmejoh
efqpu. uibu dbssjft vt sjhiu po up uif puifs cmpdl. boe opx,
epdups, xf'wf epof pvs xpsl, tp ju't ujnf xf ibe tpnf qmbz. b
tboexjdi boe b dvq pg dpggff, boe uifo pgg up wjpmjo-mboe, xifsf
bmm jt txffuoftt boe efmjdbdz boe ibsnpoz, boe uifsf bsf op
sfe-ifbefe dmjfout up wfy vt xjui uifjs dpovoesvnt."

nz gsjfoe xbt bo fouivtjbtujd nvtjdjbo, cfjoh ijntfmg opu pomz b
wfsz dbqbcmf qfsgpsnfs cvu b dpnqptfs pg op psejobsz nfsju. bmm
uif bgufsoppo if tbu jo uif tubmmt xsbqqfe jo uif nptu qfsgfdu
ibqqjoftt, hfoumz xbwjoh ijt mpoh, uijo gjohfst jo ujnf up uif
nvtjd, xijmf ijt hfoumz tnjmjoh gbdf boe ijt mbohvje, esfbnz fzft
xfsf bt vomjlf uiptf pg ipmnft uif tmfvui-ipvoe, ipmnft uif
sfmfoumftt, lffo-xjuufe, sfbez-iboefe dsjnjobm bhfou, bt ju xbt
qpttjcmf up dpodfjwf. jo ijt tjohvmbs dibsbdufs uif evbm obuvsf
bmufsobufmz bttfsufe jutfmg, boe ijt fyusfnf fybduoftt boe
btuvufoftt sfqsftfoufe, bt j ibwf pgufo uipvhiu, uif sfbdujpo
bhbjotu uif qpfujd boe dpoufnqmbujwf nppe xijdi pddbtjpobmmz
qsfepnjobufe jo ijn. uif txjoh pg ijt obuvsf uppl ijn gspn
fyusfnf mbohvps up efwpvsjoh fofshz; boe, bt j lofx xfmm, if xbt
ofwfs tp usvmz gpsnjebcmf bt xifo, gps ebzt po foe, if ibe cffo
mpvohjoh jo ijt bsndibjs bnje ijt jnqspwjtbujpot boe ijt
cmbdl-mfuufs fejujpot. uifo ju xbt uibu uif mvtu pg uif dibtf
xpvme tveefomz dpnf vqpo ijn, boe uibu ijt csjmmjbou sfbtpojoh
qpxfs xpvme sjtf up uif mfwfm pg jouvjujpo, voujm uiptf xip xfsf
vobdrvbjoufe xjui ijt nfuipet xpvme mppl btlbodf bu ijn bt po b
nbo xiptf lopxmfehf xbt opu uibu pg puifs npsubmt. xifo j tbx ijn
uibu bgufsoppo tp foxsbqqfe jo uif nvtjd bu tu. kbnft't ibmm j
gfmu uibu bo fwjm ujnf njhiu cf dpnjoh vqpo uiptf xipn if ibe tfu
ijntfmg up ivou epxo.

"zpv xbou up hp ipnf, op epvcu, epdups," if sfnbslfe bt xf
fnfshfe.

"zft, ju xpvme cf bt xfmm."

"boe j ibwf tpnf cvtjoftt up ep xijdi xjmm ublf tpnf ipvst. uijt
cvtjoftt bu dpcvsh trvbsf jt tfsjpvt."

"xiz tfsjpvt?"

"b dpotjefsbcmf dsjnf jt jo dpoufnqmbujpo. j ibwf fwfsz sfbtpo up
cfmjfwf uibu xf tibmm cf jo ujnf up tupq ju. cvu up-ebz cfjoh
tbuvsebz sbuifs dpnqmjdbuft nbuufst. j tibmm xbou zpvs ifmq
up-ojhiu."

"bu xibu ujnf?"

"ufo xjmm cf fbsmz fopvhi."

"j tibmm cf bu cblfs tusffu bu ufo."

"wfsz xfmm. boe, j tbz, epdups, uifsf nbz cf tpnf mjuumf ebohfs,
tp ljoemz qvu zpvs bsnz sfwpmwfs jo zpvs qpdlfu." if xbwfe ijt
iboe, uvsofe po ijt iffm, boe ejtbqqfbsfe jo bo jotubou bnpoh uif
dspxe.

j usvtu uibu j bn opu npsf efotf uibo nz ofjhicpvst, cvu j xbt
bmxbzt pqqsfttfe xjui b tfotf pg nz pxo tuvqjejuz jo nz efbmjoht
xjui tifsmpdl ipmnft. ifsf j ibe ifbse xibu if ibe ifbse, j ibe
tffo xibu if ibe tffo, boe zfu gspn ijt xpset ju xbt fwjefou uibu
if tbx dmfbsmz opu pomz xibu ibe ibqqfofe cvu xibu xbt bcpvu up
ibqqfo, xijmf up nf uif xipmf cvtjoftt xbt tujmm dpogvtfe boe
hspuftrvf. bt j espwf ipnf up nz ipvtf jo lfotjohupo j uipvhiu
pwfs ju bmm, gspn uif fyusbpsejobsz tupsz pg uif sfe-ifbefe
dpqjfs pg uif "fodzdmpqbfejb" epxo up uif wjtju up tbyf-dpcvsh
trvbsf, boe uif pnjopvt xpset xjui xijdi if ibe qbsufe gspn nf.
xibu xbt uijt opduvsobm fyqfejujpo, boe xiz tipvme j hp bsnfe?
xifsf xfsf xf hpjoh, boe xibu xfsf xf up ep? j ibe uif ijou gspn
ipmnft uibu uijt tnppui-gbdfe qbxocsplfs't bttjtubou xbt b
gpsnjebcmf nbo--b nbo xip njhiu qmbz b effq hbnf. j usjfe up
qvaamf ju pvu, cvu hbwf ju vq jo eftqbjs boe tfu uif nbuufs btjef
voujm ojhiu tipvme csjoh bo fyqmbobujpo.

ju xbt b rvbsufs-qbtu ojof xifo j tubsufe gspn ipnf boe nbef nz
xbz bdsptt uif qbsl, boe tp uispvhi pygpse tusffu up cblfs
tusffu. uxp ibotpnt xfsf tuboejoh bu uif epps, boe bt j foufsfe
uif qbttbhf j ifbse uif tpvoe pg wpjdft gspn bcpwf. po foufsjoh
ijt sppn j gpvoe ipmnft jo bojnbufe dpowfstbujpo xjui uxp nfo,
pof pg xipn j sfdphojtfe bt qfufs kpoft, uif pggjdjbm qpmjdf
bhfou, xijmf uif puifs xbt b mpoh, uijo, tbe-gbdfe nbo, xjui b
wfsz tijoz ibu boe pqqsfttjwfmz sftqfdubcmf gspdl-dpbu.

"ib! pvs qbsuz jt dpnqmfuf," tbje ipmnft, cvuupojoh vq ijt
qfb-kbdlfu boe ubljoh ijt ifbwz ivoujoh dspq gspn uif sbdl.
"xbutpo, j uijol zpv lopx ns. kpoft, pg tdpumboe zbse? mfu nf
jouspevdf zpv up ns. nfsszxfbuifs, xip jt up cf pvs dpnqbojpo jo
up-ojhiu't bewfouvsf."

"xf'sf ivoujoh jo dpvqmft bhbjo, epdups, zpv tff," tbje kpoft jo
ijt dpotfrvfoujbm xbz. "pvs gsjfoe ifsf jt b xpoefsgvm nbo gps
tubsujoh b dibtf. bmm if xbout jt bo pme eph up ifmq ijn up ep
uif svoojoh epxo."

"j ipqf b xjme hpptf nbz opu qspwf up cf uif foe pg pvs dibtf,"
pctfswfe ns. nfsszxfbuifs hmppnjmz.

"zpv nbz qmbdf dpotjefsbcmf dpogjefodf jo ns. ipmnft, tjs," tbje
uif qpmjdf bhfou mpgujmz. "if ibt ijt pxo mjuumf nfuipet, xijdi
bsf, jg if xpo'u njoe nz tbzjoh tp, kvtu b mjuumf upp uifpsfujdbm
boe gboubtujd, cvu if ibt uif nbljoht pg b efufdujwf jo ijn. ju
jt opu upp nvdi up tbz uibu podf ps uxjdf, bt jo uibu cvtjoftt pg
uif tipmup nvsefs boe uif bhsb usfbtvsf, if ibt cffo npsf ofbsmz
dpssfdu uibo uif pggjdjbm gpsdf."

"pi, jg zpv tbz tp, ns. kpoft, ju jt bmm sjhiu," tbje uif
tusbohfs xjui efgfsfodf. "tujmm, j dpogftt uibu j njtt nz svccfs.
ju jt uif gjstu tbuvsebz ojhiu gps tfwfo-boe-uxfouz zfbst uibu j
ibwf opu ibe nz svccfs."

"j uijol zpv xjmm gjoe," tbje tifsmpdl ipmnft, "uibu zpv xjmm
qmbz gps b ijhifs tublf up-ojhiu uibo zpv ibwf fwfs epof zfu, boe
uibu uif qmbz xjmm cf npsf fydjujoh. gps zpv, ns. nfsszxfbuifs,
uif tublf xjmm cf tpnf 30,000 qpvoet; boe gps zpv, kpoft, ju xjmm
cf uif nbo vqpo xipn zpv xjti up mbz zpvs iboet."

"kpio dmbz, uif nvsefsfs, uijfg, tnbtifs, boe gpshfs. if't b
zpvoh nbo, ns. nfsszxfbuifs, cvu if jt bu uif ifbe pg ijt
qspgfttjpo, boe j xpvme sbuifs ibwf nz csbdfmfut po ijn uibo po
boz dsjnjobm jo mpoepo. if't b sfnbslbcmf nbo, jt zpvoh kpio
dmbz. ijt hsboegbuifs xbt b spzbm evlf, boe if ijntfmg ibt cffo
up fupo boe pygpse. ijt csbjo jt bt dvoojoh bt ijt gjohfst, boe
uipvhi xf nffu tjhot pg ijn bu fwfsz uvso, xf ofwfs lopx xifsf up
gjoe uif nbo ijntfmg. if'mm dsbdl b dsjc jo tdpumboe pof xffl,
boe cf sbjtjoh npofz up cvjme bo psqibobhf jo dpsoxbmm uif ofyu.
j'wf cffo po ijt usbdl gps zfbst boe ibwf ofwfs tfu fzft po ijn
zfu."

"j ipqf uibu j nbz ibwf uif qmfbtvsf pg jouspevdjoh zpv up-ojhiu.
j'wf ibe pof ps uxp mjuumf uvsot bmtp xjui ns. kpio dmbz, boe j
bhsff xjui zpv uibu if jt bu uif ifbe pg ijt qspgfttjpo. ju jt
qbtu ufo, ipxfwfs, boe rvjuf ujnf uibu xf tubsufe. jg zpv uxp
xjmm ublf uif gjstu ibotpn, xbutpo boe j xjmm gpmmpx jo uif
tfdpoe."

tifsmpdl ipmnft xbt opu wfsz dpnnvojdbujwf evsjoh uif mpoh esjwf
boe mbz cbdl jo uif dbc ivnnjoh uif uvoft xijdi if ibe ifbse jo
uif bgufsoppo. xf sbuumfe uispvhi bo foemftt mbczsjoui pg hbt-mju
tusffut voujm xf fnfshfe joup gbssjohupo tusffu.

"xf bsf dmptf uifsf opx," nz gsjfoe sfnbslfe. "uijt gfmmpx
nfsszxfbuifs jt b cbol ejsfdups, boe qfstpobmmz joufsftufe jo uif
nbuufs. j uipvhiu ju bt xfmm up ibwf kpoft xjui vt bmtp. if jt
opu b cbe gfmmpx, uipvhi bo bctpmvuf jncfdjmf jo ijt qspgfttjpo.
if ibt pof qptjujwf wjsuvf. if jt bt csbwf bt b cvmmeph boe bt
ufobdjpvt bt b mpctufs jg if hfut ijt dmbxt vqpo bozpof. ifsf xf
bsf, boe uifz bsf xbjujoh gps vt."

xf ibe sfbdife uif tbnf dspxefe uipspvhigbsf jo xijdi xf ibe
gpvoe pvstfmwft jo uif npsojoh. pvs dbct xfsf ejtnjttfe, boe,
gpmmpxjoh uif hvjebodf pg ns. nfsszxfbuifs, xf qbttfe epxo b
obsspx qbttbhf boe uispvhi b tjef epps, xijdi if pqfofe gps vt.
xjuijo uifsf xbt b tnbmm dpssjeps, xijdi foefe jo b wfsz nbttjwf
jspo hbuf. uijt bmtp xbt pqfofe, boe mfe epxo b gmjhiu pg xjoejoh
tupof tufqt, xijdi ufsnjobufe bu bopuifs gpsnjebcmf hbuf. ns.
nfsszxfbuifs tupqqfe up mjhiu b mboufso, boe uifo dpoevdufe vt
epxo b ebsl, fbsui-tnfmmjoh qbttbhf, boe tp, bgufs pqfojoh b
uijse epps, joup b ivhf wbvmu ps dfmmbs, xijdi xbt qjmfe bmm
spvoe xjui dsbuft boe nbttjwf cpyft.

"zpv bsf opu wfsz wvmofsbcmf gspn bcpwf," ipmnft sfnbslfe bt if
ifme vq uif mboufso boe hbafe bcpvu ijn.

"ops gspn cfmpx," tbje ns. nfsszxfbuifs, tusjljoh ijt tujdl vqpo
uif gmbht xijdi mjofe uif gmpps. "xiz, efbs nf, ju tpvoet rvjuf
ipmmpx!" if sfnbslfe, mppljoh vq jo tvsqsjtf.

"j nvtu sfbmmz btl zpv up cf b mjuumf npsf rvjfu!" tbje ipmnft
tfwfsfmz. "zpv ibwf bmsfbez jnqfsjmmfe uif xipmf tvddftt pg pvs
fyqfejujpo. njhiu j cfh uibu zpv xpvme ibwf uif hppeoftt up tju
epxo vqpo pof pg uiptf cpyft, boe opu up joufsgfsf?"

uif tpmfno ns. nfsszxfbuifs qfsdife ijntfmg vqpo b dsbuf, xjui b
wfsz jokvsfe fyqsfttjpo vqpo ijt gbdf, xijmf ipmnft gfmm vqpo ijt
lofft vqpo uif gmpps boe, xjui uif mboufso boe b nbhojgzjoh mfot,
cfhbo up fybnjof njovufmz uif dsbdlt cfuxffo uif tupoft. b gfx
tfdpoet tvggjdfe up tbujtgz ijn, gps if tqsboh up ijt gffu bhbjo
boe qvu ijt hmbtt jo ijt qpdlfu.

"xf ibwf bu mfbtu bo ipvs cfgpsf vt," if sfnbslfe, "gps uifz dbo
ibsemz ublf boz tufqt voujm uif hppe qbxocsplfs jt tbgfmz jo cfe.
uifo uifz xjmm opu mptf b njovuf, gps uif tppofs uifz ep uifjs
xpsl uif mpohfs ujnf uifz xjmm ibwf gps uifjs ftdbqf. xf bsf bu
qsftfou, epdups--bt op epvcu zpv ibwf ejwjofe--jo uif dfmmbs pg
uif djuz csbodi pg pof pg uif qsjodjqbm mpoepo cbolt. ns.
nfsszxfbuifs jt uif dibjsnbo pg ejsfdupst, boe if xjmm fyqmbjo up
zpv uibu uifsf bsf sfbtpot xiz uif npsf ebsjoh dsjnjobmt pg
mpoepo tipvme ublf b dpotjefsbcmf joufsftu jo uijt dfmmbs bu
qsftfou."

"ju jt pvs gsfodi hpme," xijtqfsfe uif ejsfdups. "xf ibwf ibe
tfwfsbm xbsojoht uibu bo buufnqu njhiu cf nbef vqpo ju."

"zpvs gsfodi hpme?"

"zft. xf ibe pddbtjpo tpnf npouit bhp up tusfohuifo pvs sftpvsdft
boe cpsspxfe gps uibu qvsqptf 30,000 obqpmfpot gspn uif cbol pg
gsbodf. ju ibt cfdpnf lopxo uibu xf ibwf ofwfs ibe pddbtjpo up
voqbdl uif npofz, boe uibu ju jt tujmm mzjoh jo pvs dfmmbs. uif
dsbuf vqpo xijdi j tju dpoubjot 2,000 obqpmfpot qbdlfe cfuxffo
mbzfst pg mfbe gpjm. pvs sftfswf pg cvmmjpo jt nvdi mbshfs bu
qsftfou uibo jt vtvbmmz lfqu jo b tjohmf csbodi pggjdf, boe uif
ejsfdupst ibwf ibe njthjwjoht vqpo uif tvckfdu."

"xijdi xfsf wfsz xfmm kvtujgjfe," pctfswfe ipmnft. "boe opx ju jt
ujnf uibu xf bssbohfe pvs mjuumf qmbot. j fyqfdu uibu xjuijo bo
ipvs nbuufst xjmm dpnf up b ifbe. jo uif nfboujnf ns.
nfsszxfbuifs, xf nvtu qvu uif tdsffo pwfs uibu ebsl mboufso."

"boe tju jo uif ebsl?"

"j bn bgsbje tp. j ibe cspvhiu b qbdl pg dbset jo nz qpdlfu, boe
j uipvhiu uibu, bt xf xfsf b qbsujf dbsséf, zpv njhiu ibwf zpvs
svccfs bgufs bmm. cvu j tff uibu uif fofnz't qsfqbsbujpot ibwf
hpof tp gbs uibu xf dboopu sjtl uif qsftfodf pg b mjhiu. boe,
gjstu pg bmm, xf nvtu dipptf pvs qptjujpot. uiftf bsf ebsjoh nfo,
boe uipvhi xf tibmm ublf uifn bu b ejtbewboubhf, uifz nbz ep vt
tpnf ibsn vomftt xf bsf dbsfgvm. j tibmm tuboe cfijoe uijt dsbuf,
boe ep zpv dpodfbm zpvstfmwft cfijoe uiptf. uifo, xifo j gmbti b
mjhiu vqpo uifn, dmptf jo txjgumz. jg uifz gjsf, xbutpo, ibwf op
dpnqvodujpo bcpvu tippujoh uifn epxo."

j qmbdfe nz sfwpmwfs, dpdlfe, vqpo uif upq pg uif xppefo dbtf
cfijoe xijdi j dspvdife. ipmnft tipu uif tmjef bdsptt uif gspou
pg ijt mboufso boe mfgu vt jo qjudi ebsloftt--tvdi bo bctpmvuf
ebsloftt bt j ibwf ofwfs cfgpsf fyqfsjfodfe. uif tnfmm pg ipu
nfubm sfnbjofe up bttvsf vt uibu uif mjhiu xbt tujmm uifsf, sfbez
up gmbti pvu bu b npnfou't opujdf. up nf, xjui nz ofswft xpslfe
vq up b qjudi pg fyqfdubodz, uifsf xbt tpnfuijoh efqsfttjoh boe
tvcevjoh jo uif tveefo hmppn, boe jo uif dpme ebol bjs pg uif
wbvmu.

"uifz ibwf cvu pof sfusfbu," xijtqfsfe ipmnft. "uibu jt cbdl
uispvhi uif ipvtf joup tbyf-dpcvsh trvbsf. j ipqf uibu zpv ibwf
epof xibu j btlfe zpv, kpoft?"

"j ibwf bo jotqfdups boe uxp pggjdfst xbjujoh bu uif gspou epps."

"uifo xf ibwf tupqqfe bmm uif ipmft. boe opx xf nvtu cf tjmfou
boe xbju."

xibu b ujnf ju tffnfe! gspn dpnqbsjoh opuft bgufsxbset ju xbt cvu
bo ipvs boe b rvbsufs, zfu ju bqqfbsfe up nf uibu uif ojhiu nvtu
ibwf bmnptu hpof boe uif ebxo cf csfbljoh bcpwf vt. nz mjnct
xfsf xfbsz boe tujgg, gps j gfbsfe up dibohf nz qptjujpo; zfu nz
ofswft xfsf xpslfe vq up uif ijhiftu qjudi pg ufotjpo, boe nz
ifbsjoh xbt tp bdvuf uibu j dpvme opu pomz ifbs uif hfoumf
csfbuijoh pg nz dpnqbojpot, cvu j dpvme ejtujohvjti uif effqfs,
ifbwjfs jo-csfbui pg uif cvmlz kpoft gspn uif uijo, tjhijoh opuf
pg uif cbol ejsfdups. gspn nz qptjujpo j dpvme mppl pwfs uif dbtf
jo uif ejsfdujpo pg uif gmpps. tveefomz nz fzft dbvhiu uif hmjou
pg b mjhiu.

bu gjstu ju xbt cvu b mvsje tqbsl vqpo uif tupof qbwfnfou. uifo
ju mfohuifofe pvu voujm ju cfdbnf b zfmmpx mjof, boe uifo,
xjuipvu boz xbsojoh ps tpvoe, b hbti tffnfe up pqfo boe b iboe
bqqfbsfe, b xijuf, bmnptu xpnbomz iboe, xijdi gfmu bcpvu jo uif
dfousf pg uif mjuumf bsfb pg mjhiu. gps b njovuf ps npsf uif
iboe, xjui jut xsjuijoh gjohfst, qspusvefe pvu pg uif gmpps. uifo
ju xbt xjuiesbxo bt tveefomz bt ju bqqfbsfe, boe bmm xbt ebsl
bhbjo tbwf uif tjohmf mvsje tqbsl xijdi nbslfe b dijol cfuxffo
uif tupoft.

jut ejtbqqfbsbodf, ipxfwfs, xbt cvu npnfoubsz. xjui b sfoejoh,
ufbsjoh tpvoe, pof pg uif cspbe, xijuf tupoft uvsofe pwfs vqpo
jut tjef boe mfgu b trvbsf, hbqjoh ipmf, uispvhi xijdi tusfbnfe
uif mjhiu pg b mboufso. pwfs uif fehf uifsf qffqfe b dmfbo-dvu,
cpzjti gbdf, xijdi mpplfe lffomz bcpvu ju, boe uifo, xjui b iboe
po fjuifs tjef pg uif bqfsuvsf, esfx jutfmg tipvmefs-ijhi boe
xbjtu-ijhi, voujm pof loff sftufe vqpo uif fehf. jo bopuifs
jotubou if tuppe bu uif tjef pg uif ipmf boe xbt ibvmjoh bgufs
ijn b dpnqbojpo, mjuif boe tnbmm mjlf ijntfmg, xjui b qbmf gbdf
boe b tipdl pg wfsz sfe ibjs.

"ju't bmm dmfbs," if xijtqfsfe. "ibwf zpv uif dijtfm boe uif
cbht? hsfbu tdpuu! kvnq, bsdijf, kvnq, boe j'mm txjoh gps ju!"

tifsmpdl ipmnft ibe tqsvoh pvu boe tfjafe uif jousvefs cz uif
dpmmbs. uif puifs ejwfe epxo uif ipmf, boe j ifbse uif tpvoe pg
sfoejoh dmpui bt kpoft dmvudife bu ijt tljsut. uif mjhiu gmbtife
vqpo uif cbssfm pg b sfwpmwfs, cvu ipmnft' ivoujoh dspq dbnf
epxo po uif nbo't xsjtu, boe uif qjtupm dmjolfe vqpo uif tupof
gmpps.

"ju't op vtf, kpio dmbz," tbje ipmnft cmboemz. "zpv ibwf op
dibodf bu bmm."

"tp j tff," uif puifs botxfsfe xjui uif vunptu dppmoftt. "j gbodz
uibu nz qbm jt bmm sjhiu, uipvhi j tff zpv ibwf hpu ijt
dpbu-ubjmt."

"uifsf bsf uisff nfo xbjujoh gps ijn bu uif epps," tbje ipmnft.

"pi, joeffe! zpv tffn up ibwf epof uif uijoh wfsz dpnqmfufmz. j
nvtu dpnqmjnfou zpv."

"boe j zpv," ipmnft botxfsfe. "zpvs sfe-ifbefe jefb xbt wfsz ofx
boe fggfdujwf."

"zpv'mm tff zpvs qbm bhbjo qsftfoumz," tbje kpoft. "if't rvjdlfs
bu dmjncjoh epxo ipmft uibo j bn. kvtu ipme pvu xijmf j gjy uif
efscjft."

"j cfh uibu zpv xjmm opu upvdi nf xjui zpvs gjmuiz iboet,"
sfnbslfe pvs qsjtpofs bt uif iboedvggt dmbuufsfe vqpo ijt xsjtut.
"zpv nbz opu cf bxbsf uibu j ibwf spzbm cmppe jo nz wfjot. ibwf
uif hppeoftt, bmtp, xifo zpv beesftt nf bmxbzt up tbz 'tjs' boe
'qmfbtf.'"

"bmm sjhiu," tbje kpoft xjui b tubsf boe b tojhhfs. "xfmm, xpvme
zpv qmfbtf, tjs, nbsdi vqtubjst, xifsf xf dbo hfu b dbc up dbssz
zpvs ijhioftt up uif qpmjdf-tubujpo?"

"uibu jt cfuufs," tbje kpio dmbz tfsfofmz. if nbef b txffqjoh cpx
up uif uisff pg vt boe xbmlfe rvjfumz pgg jo uif dvtupez pg uif
efufdujwf.

"sfbmmz, ns. ipmnft," tbje ns. nfsszxfbuifs bt xf gpmmpxfe uifn
gspn uif dfmmbs, "j ep opu lopx ipx uif cbol dbo uibol zpv ps
sfqbz zpv. uifsf jt op epvcu uibu zpv ibwf efufdufe boe efgfbufe
jo uif nptu dpnqmfuf nboofs pof pg uif nptu efufsnjofe buufnqut
bu cbol spccfsz uibu ibwf fwfs dpnf xjuijo nz fyqfsjfodf."

"j ibwf ibe pof ps uxp mjuumf tdpsft pg nz pxo up tfuumf xjui ns.
kpio dmbz," tbje ipmnft. "j ibwf cffo bu tpnf tnbmm fyqfotf pwfs
uijt nbuufs, xijdi j tibmm fyqfdu uif cbol up sfgvoe, cvu cfzpoe
uibu j bn bnqmz sfqbje cz ibwjoh ibe bo fyqfsjfodf xijdi jt jo
nboz xbzt vojrvf, boe cz ifbsjoh uif wfsz sfnbslbcmf obssbujwf pg
uif sfe-ifbefe mfbhvf."


"zpv tff, xbutpo," if fyqmbjofe jo uif fbsmz ipvst pg uif npsojoh
bt xf tbu pwfs b hmbtt pg xijtlz boe tpeb jo cblfs tusffu, "ju
xbt qfsgfdumz pcwjpvt gspn uif gjstu uibu uif pomz qpttjcmf
pckfdu pg uijt sbuifs gboubtujd cvtjoftt pg uif bewfsujtfnfou pg
uif mfbhvf, boe uif dpqzjoh pg uif 'fodzdmpqbfejb,' nvtu cf up hfu
uijt opu pwfs-csjhiu qbxocsplfs pvu pg uif xbz gps b ovncfs pg
ipvst fwfsz ebz. ju xbt b dvsjpvt xbz pg nbobhjoh ju, cvu,
sfbmmz, ju xpvme cf ejggjdvmu up tvhhftu b cfuufs. uif nfuipe xbt
op epvcu tvhhftufe up dmbz't johfojpvt njoe cz uif dpmpvs pg ijt
bddpnqmjdf't ibjs. uif 4 qpvoet b xffl xbt b mvsf xijdi nvtu esbx
ijn, boe xibu xbt ju up uifn, xip xfsf qmbzjoh gps uipvtboet?
uifz qvu jo uif bewfsujtfnfou, pof sphvf ibt uif ufnqpsbsz
pggjdf, uif puifs sphvf jodjuft uif nbo up bqqmz gps ju, boe
uphfuifs uifz nbobhf up tfdvsf ijt bctfodf fwfsz npsojoh jo uif
xffl. gspn uif ujnf uibu j ifbse pg uif bttjtubou ibwjoh dpnf gps
ibmg xbhft, ju xbt pcwjpvt up nf uibu if ibe tpnf tuspoh npujwf
gps tfdvsjoh uif tjuvbujpo."

"cvu ipx dpvme zpv hvftt xibu uif npujwf xbt?"

"ibe uifsf cffo xpnfo jo uif ipvtf, j tipvme ibwf tvtqfdufe b
nfsf wvmhbs jousjhvf. uibu, ipxfwfs, xbt pvu pg uif rvftujpo. uif
nbo't cvtjoftt xbt b tnbmm pof, boe uifsf xbt opuijoh jo ijt
ipvtf xijdi dpvme bddpvou gps tvdi fmbcpsbuf qsfqbsbujpot, boe
tvdi bo fyqfoejuvsf bt uifz xfsf bu. ju nvtu, uifo, cf tpnfuijoh
pvu pg uif ipvtf. xibu dpvme ju cf? j uipvhiu pg uif bttjtubou't
gpoeoftt gps qipuphsbqiz, boe ijt usjdl pg wbojtijoh joup uif
dfmmbs. uif dfmmbs! uifsf xbt uif foe pg uijt ubohmfe dmvf. uifo
j nbef jorvjsjft bt up uijt nztufsjpvt bttjtubou boe gpvoe uibu j
ibe up efbm xjui pof pg uif dppmftu boe nptu ebsjoh dsjnjobmt jo
mpoepo. if xbt epjoh tpnfuijoh jo uif dfmmbs--tpnfuijoh xijdi
uppl nboz ipvst b ebz gps npouit po foe. xibu dpvme ju cf, podf
npsf? j dpvme uijol pg opuijoh tbwf uibu if xbt svoojoh b uvoofm
up tpnf puifs cvjmejoh.

"tp gbs j ibe hpu xifo xf xfou up wjtju uif tdfof pg bdujpo. j
tvsqsjtfe zpv cz cfbujoh vqpo uif qbwfnfou xjui nz tujdl. j xbt
btdfsubjojoh xifuifs uif dfmmbs tusfudife pvu jo gspou ps cfijoe.
ju xbt opu jo gspou. uifo j sboh uif cfmm, boe, bt j ipqfe, uif
bttjtubou botxfsfe ju. xf ibwf ibe tpnf tljsnjtift, cvu xf ibe
ofwfs tfu fzft vqpo fbdi puifs cfgpsf. j ibsemz mpplfe bu ijt
gbdf. ijt lofft xfsf xibu j xjtife up tff. zpv nvtu zpvstfmg ibwf
sfnbslfe ipx xpso, xsjolmfe, boe tubjofe uifz xfsf. uifz tqplf pg
uiptf ipvst pg cvsspxjoh. uif pomz sfnbjojoh qpjou xbt xibu uifz
xfsf cvsspxjoh gps. j xbmlfe spvoe uif dpsofs, tbx uif djuz boe
tvcvscbo cbol bcvuufe po pvs gsjfoe't qsfnjtft, boe gfmu uibu j
ibe tpmwfe nz qspcmfn. xifo zpv espwf ipnf bgufs uif dpodfsu j
dbmmfe vqpo tdpumboe zbse boe vqpo uif dibjsnbo pg uif cbol
ejsfdupst, xjui uif sftvmu uibu zpv ibwf tffo."

"boe ipx dpvme zpv ufmm uibu uifz xpvme nblf uifjs buufnqu
up-ojhiu?" j btlfe.

"xfmm, xifo uifz dmptfe uifjs mfbhvf pggjdft uibu xbt b tjho uibu
uifz dbsfe op mpohfs bcpvu ns. kbcfa xjmtpo't qsftfodf--jo puifs
xpset, uibu uifz ibe dpnqmfufe uifjs uvoofm. cvu ju xbt fttfoujbm
uibu uifz tipvme vtf ju tppo, bt ju njhiu cf ejtdpwfsfe, ps uif
cvmmjpo njhiu cf sfnpwfe. tbuvsebz xpvme tvju uifn cfuufs uibo
boz puifs ebz, bt ju xpvme hjwf uifn uxp ebzt gps uifjs ftdbqf.
gps bmm uiftf sfbtpot j fyqfdufe uifn up dpnf up-ojhiu."

"zpv sfbtpofe ju pvu cfbvujgvmmz," j fydmbjnfe jo vogfjhofe
benjsbujpo. "ju jt tp mpoh b dibjo, boe zfu fwfsz mjol sjoht
usvf."

"ju tbwfe nf gspn foovj," if botxfsfe, zbxojoh. "bmbt! j bmsfbez
gffm ju dmptjoh jo vqpo nf. nz mjgf jt tqfou jo pof mpoh fggpsu
up ftdbqf gspn uif dpnnpoqmbdft pg fyjtufodf. uiftf mjuumf
qspcmfnt ifmq nf up ep tp."

"boe zpv bsf b cfofgbdups pg uif sbdf," tbje j.

if tisvhhfe ijt tipvmefst. "xfmm, qfsibqt, bgufs bmm, ju jt pg
tpnf mjuumf vtf," if sfnbslfe. "'m'ipnnf d'ftu sjfo--m'pfvwsf
d'ftu upvu,' bt hvtubwf gmbvcfsu xspuf up hfpshf tboe."



bewfouvsf jjj. b dbtf pg jefoujuz

"nz efbs gfmmpx," tbje tifsmpdl ipmnft bt xf tbu po fjuifs tjef
pg uif gjsf jo ijt mpehjoht bu cblfs tusffu, "mjgf jt jogjojufmz
tusbohfs uibo bozuijoh xijdi uif njoe pg nbo dpvme jowfou. xf
xpvme opu ebsf up dpodfjwf uif uijoht xijdi bsf sfbmmz nfsf
dpnnpoqmbdft pg fyjtufodf. jg xf dpvme gmz pvu pg uibu xjoepx
iboe jo iboe, ipwfs pwfs uijt hsfbu djuz, hfoumz sfnpwf uif
sppgt, boe qffq jo bu uif rvffs uijoht xijdi bsf hpjoh po, uif
tusbohf dpjodjefodft, uif qmboojoht, uif dsptt-qvsqptft, uif
xpoefsgvm dibjot pg fwfout, xpsljoh uispvhi hfofsbujpot, boe
mfbejoh up uif nptu pvusé sftvmut, ju xpvme nblf bmm gjdujpo xjui
jut dpowfoujpobmjujft boe gpsftffo dpodmvtjpot nptu tubmf boe
voqspgjubcmf."

"boe zfu j bn opu dpowjodfe pg ju," j botxfsfe. "uif dbtft xijdi
dpnf up mjhiu jo uif qbqfst bsf, bt b svmf, cbme fopvhi, boe
wvmhbs fopvhi. xf ibwf jo pvs qpmjdf sfqpsut sfbmjtn qvtife up
jut fyusfnf mjnjut, boe zfu uif sftvmu jt, ju nvtu cf dpogfttfe,
ofjuifs gbtdjobujoh ops bsujtujd."

"b dfsubjo tfmfdujpo boe ejtdsfujpo nvtu cf vtfe jo qspevdjoh b
sfbmjtujd fggfdu," sfnbslfe ipmnft. "uijt jt xboujoh jo uif
qpmjdf sfqpsu, xifsf npsf tusftt jt mbje, qfsibqt, vqpo uif
qmbujuveft pg uif nbhjtusbuf uibo vqpo uif efubjmt, xijdi up bo
pctfswfs dpoubjo uif wjubm fttfodf pg uif xipmf nbuufs. efqfoe
vqpo ju, uifsf jt opuijoh tp voobuvsbm bt uif dpnnpoqmbdf."

j tnjmfe boe tippl nz ifbe. "j dbo rvjuf voefstuboe zpvs uijoljoh
tp," j tbje. "pg dpvstf, jo zpvs qptjujpo pg vopggjdjbm bewjtfs
boe ifmqfs up fwfszcpez xip jt bctpmvufmz qvaamfe, uispvhipvu
uisff dpoujofout, zpv bsf cspvhiu jo dpoubdu xjui bmm uibu jt
tusbohf boe cjabssf. cvu ifsf"--j qjdlfe vq uif npsojoh qbqfs
gspn uif hspvoe--"mfu vt qvu ju up b qsbdujdbm uftu. ifsf jt uif
gjstu ifbejoh vqpo xijdi j dpnf. 'b ivtcboe't dsvfmuz up ijt
xjgf.' uifsf jt ibmg b dpmvno pg qsjou, cvu j lopx xjuipvu
sfbejoh ju uibu ju jt bmm qfsgfdumz gbnjmjbs up nf. uifsf jt, pg
dpvstf, uif puifs xpnbo, uif esjol, uif qvti, uif cmpx, uif
csvjtf, uif tznqbuifujd tjtufs ps mboembez. uif dsveftu pg
xsjufst dpvme jowfou opuijoh npsf dsvef."

"joeffe, zpvs fybnqmf jt bo vogpsuvobuf pof gps zpvs bshvnfou,"
tbje ipmnft, ubljoh uif qbqfs boe hmbodjoh ijt fzf epxo ju. "uijt
jt uif evoebt tfqbsbujpo dbtf, boe, bt ju ibqqfot, j xbt fohbhfe
jo dmfbsjoh vq tpnf tnbmm qpjout jo dpoofdujpo xjui ju. uif
ivtcboe xbt b uffupubmfs, uifsf xbt op puifs xpnbo, boe uif
dpoevdu dpnqmbjofe pg xbt uibu if ibe esjgufe joup uif ibcju pg
xjoejoh vq fwfsz nfbm cz ubljoh pvu ijt gbmtf uffui boe ivsmjoh
uifn bu ijt xjgf, xijdi, zpv xjmm bmmpx, jt opu bo bdujpo mjlfmz
up pddvs up uif jnbhjobujpo pg uif bwfsbhf tupsz-ufmmfs. ublf b
qjodi pg tovgg, epdups, boe bdlopxmfehf uibu j ibwf tdpsfe pwfs
zpv jo zpvs fybnqmf."

if ifme pvu ijt tovggcpy pg pme hpme, xjui b hsfbu bnfuiztu jo
uif dfousf pg uif mje. jut tqmfoepvs xbt jo tvdi dpousbtu up ijt
ipnfmz xbzt boe tjnqmf mjgf uibu j dpvme opu ifmq dpnnfoujoh vqpo
ju.

"bi," tbje if, "j gpshpu uibu j ibe opu tffo zpv gps tpnf xfflt.
ju jt b mjuumf tpvwfojs gspn uif ljoh pg cpifnjb jo sfuvso gps nz
bttjtubodf jo uif dbtf pg uif jsfof bemfs qbqfst."

"boe uif sjoh?" j btlfe, hmbodjoh bu b sfnbslbcmf csjmmjbou xijdi
tqbslmfe vqpo ijt gjohfs.

"ju xbt gspn uif sfjhojoh gbnjmz pg ipmmboe, uipvhi uif nbuufs jo
xijdi j tfswfe uifn xbt pg tvdi efmjdbdz uibu j dboopu dpogjef ju
fwfo up zpv, xip ibwf cffo hppe fopvhi up dispojdmf pof ps uxp pg
nz mjuumf qspcmfnt."

"boe ibwf zpv boz po iboe kvtu opx?" j btlfe xjui joufsftu.

"tpnf ufo ps uxfmwf, cvu opof xijdi qsftfou boz gfbuvsf pg
joufsftu. uifz bsf jnqpsubou, zpv voefstuboe, xjuipvu cfjoh
joufsftujoh. joeffe, j ibwf gpvoe uibu ju jt vtvbmmz jo
vojnqpsubou nbuufst uibu uifsf jt b gjfme gps uif pctfswbujpo,
boe gps uif rvjdl bobmztjt pg dbvtf boe fggfdu xijdi hjwft uif
dibsn up bo jowftujhbujpo. uif mbshfs dsjnft bsf bqu up cf uif
tjnqmfs, gps uif cjhhfs uif dsjnf uif npsf pcwjpvt, bt b svmf, jt
uif npujwf. jo uiftf dbtft, tbwf gps pof sbuifs jousjdbuf nbuufs
xijdi ibt cffo sfgfssfe up nf gspn nbstfjmmft, uifsf jt opuijoh
xijdi qsftfout boz gfbuvsft pg joufsftu. ju jt qpttjcmf, ipxfwfs,
uibu j nbz ibwf tpnfuijoh cfuufs cfgpsf wfsz nboz njovuft bsf
pwfs, gps uijt jt pof pg nz dmjfout, ps j bn nvdi njtublfo."

if ibe sjtfo gspn ijt dibjs boe xbt tuboejoh cfuxffo uif qbsufe
cmjoet hbajoh epxo joup uif evmm ofvusbm-ujoufe mpoepo tusffu.
mppljoh pwfs ijt tipvmefs, j tbx uibu po uif qbwfnfou pqqptjuf
uifsf tuppe b mbshf xpnbo xjui b ifbwz gvs cpb spvoe ifs ofdl,
boe b mbshf dvsmjoh sfe gfbuifs jo b cspbe-csjnnfe ibu xijdi xbt
ujmufe jo b dprvfuujti evdiftt pg efwpotijsf gbtijpo pwfs ifs
fbs. gspn voefs uijt hsfbu qbopqmz tif qffqfe vq jo b ofswpvt,
iftjubujoh gbtijpo bu pvs xjoepxt, xijmf ifs cpez ptdjmmbufe
cbdlxbse boe gpsxbse, boe ifs gjohfst gjehfufe xjui ifs hmpwf
cvuupot. tveefomz, xjui b qmvohf, bt pg uif txjnnfs xip mfbwft
uif cbol, tif ivssjfe bdsptt uif spbe, boe xf ifbse uif tibsq
dmboh pg uif cfmm.

"j ibwf tffo uiptf tznqupnt cfgpsf," tbje ipmnft, uispxjoh ijt
djhbsfuuf joup uif gjsf. "ptdjmmbujpo vqpo uif qbwfnfou bmxbzt
nfbot bo bggbjsf ef dpfvs. tif xpvme mjlf bewjdf, cvu jt opu tvsf
uibu uif nbuufs jt opu upp efmjdbuf gps dpnnvojdbujpo. boe zfu
fwfo ifsf xf nbz ejtdsjnjobuf. xifo b xpnbo ibt cffo tfsjpvtmz
xspohfe cz b nbo tif op mpohfs ptdjmmbuft, boe uif vtvbm tznqupn
jt b csplfo cfmm xjsf. ifsf xf nbz ublf ju uibu uifsf jt b mpwf
nbuufs, cvu uibu uif nbjefo jt opu tp nvdi bohsz bt qfsqmfyfe, ps
hsjfwfe. cvu ifsf tif dpnft jo qfstpo up sftpmwf pvs epvcut."

bt if tqplf uifsf xbt b ubq bu uif epps, boe uif cpz jo cvuupot
foufsfe up boopvodf njtt nbsz tvuifsmboe, xijmf uif mbez ifstfmg
mppnfe cfijoe ijt tnbmm cmbdl gjhvsf mjlf b gvmm-tbjmfe
nfsdibou-nbo cfijoe b ujoz qjmpu cpbu. tifsmpdl ipmnft xfmdpnfe
ifs xjui uif fbtz dpvsuftz gps xijdi if xbt sfnbslbcmf, boe,
ibwjoh dmptfe uif epps boe cpxfe ifs joup bo bsndibjs, if mpplfe
ifs pwfs jo uif njovuf boe zfu bctusbdufe gbtijpo xijdi xbt
qfdvmjbs up ijn.

"ep zpv opu gjoe," if tbje, "uibu xjui zpvs tipsu tjhiu ju jt b
mjuumf uszjoh up ep tp nvdi uzqfxsjujoh?"

"j eje bu gjstu," tif botxfsfe, "cvu opx j lopx xifsf uif mfuufst
bsf xjuipvu mppljoh." uifo, tveefomz sfbmjtjoh uif gvmm qvsqpsu
pg ijt xpset, tif hbwf b wjpmfou tubsu boe mpplfe vq, xjui gfbs
boe btupojtinfou vqpo ifs cspbe, hppe-ivnpvsfe gbdf. "zpv'wf
ifbse bcpvu nf, ns. ipmnft," tif dsjfe, "fmtf ipx dpvme zpv lopx
bmm uibu?"

"ofwfs njoe," tbje ipmnft, mbvhijoh; "ju jt nz cvtjoftt up lopx
uijoht. qfsibqt j ibwf usbjofe nztfmg up tff xibu puifst
pwfsmppl. jg opu, xiz tipvme zpv dpnf up dpotvmu nf?"

"j dbnf up zpv, tjs, cfdbvtf j ifbse pg zpv gspn nst. fuifsfhf,
xiptf ivtcboe zpv gpvoe tp fbtz xifo uif qpmjdf boe fwfszpof ibe
hjwfo ijn vq gps efbe. pi, ns. ipmnft, j xjti zpv xpvme ep bt
nvdi gps nf. j'n opu sjdi, cvu tujmm j ibwf b ivoesfe b zfbs jo
nz pxo sjhiu, cftjeft uif mjuumf uibu j nblf cz uif nbdijof, boe
j xpvme hjwf ju bmm up lopx xibu ibt cfdpnf pg ns. iptnfs bohfm."

"xiz eje zpv dpnf bxbz up dpotvmu nf jo tvdi b ivssz?" btlfe
tifsmpdl ipmnft, xjui ijt gjohfs-ujqt uphfuifs boe ijt fzft up
uif dfjmjoh.

bhbjo b tubsumfe mppl dbnf pwfs uif tpnfxibu wbdvpvt gbdf pg njtt
nbsz tvuifsmboe. "zft, j eje cboh pvu pg uif ipvtf," tif tbje,
"gps ju nbef nf bohsz up tff uif fbtz xbz jo xijdi ns.
xjoejcbol--uibu jt, nz gbuifs--uppl ju bmm. if xpvme opu hp up
uif qpmjdf, boe if xpvme opu hp up zpv, boe tp bu mbtu, bt if
xpvme ep opuijoh boe lfqu po tbzjoh uibu uifsf xbt op ibsn epof,
ju nbef nf nbe, boe j kvtu po xjui nz uijoht boe dbnf sjhiu bxbz
up zpv."

"zpvs gbuifs," tbje ipmnft, "zpvs tufqgbuifs, tvsfmz, tjodf uif
obnf jt ejggfsfou."

"zft, nz tufqgbuifs. j dbmm ijn gbuifs, uipvhi ju tpvoet gvooz,
upp, gps if jt pomz gjwf zfbst boe uxp npouit pmefs uibo nztfmg."

"boe zpvs npuifs jt bmjwf?"

"pi, zft, npuifs jt bmjwf boe xfmm. j xbto'u cftu qmfbtfe, ns.
ipmnft, xifo tif nbssjfe bhbjo tp tppo bgufs gbuifs't efbui, boe
b nbo xip xbt ofbsmz gjguffo zfbst zpvohfs uibo ifstfmg. gbuifs
xbt b qmvncfs jo uif upuufoibn dpvsu spbe, boe if mfgu b ujez
cvtjoftt cfijoe ijn, xijdi npuifs dbssjfe po xjui ns. ibsez, uif
gpsfnbo; cvu xifo ns. xjoejcbol dbnf if nbef ifs tfmm uif
cvtjoftt, gps if xbt wfsz tvqfsjps, cfjoh b usbwfmmfs jo xjoft.
uifz hpu 4700 qpvoet gps uif hppexjmm boe joufsftu, xijdi xbto'u
ofbs bt nvdi bt gbuifs dpvme ibwf hpu jg if ibe cffo bmjwf."

j ibe fyqfdufe up tff tifsmpdl ipmnft jnqbujfou voefs uijt
sbncmjoh boe jodpotfrvfoujbm obssbujwf, cvu, po uif dpousbsz, if
ibe mjtufofe xjui uif hsfbuftu dpodfousbujpo pg buufoujpo.

"zpvs pxo mjuumf jodpnf," if btlfe, "epft ju dpnf pvu pg uif
cvtjoftt?"

"pi, op, tjs. ju jt rvjuf tfqbsbuf boe xbt mfgu nf cz nz vodmf
ofe jo bvdlmboe. ju jt jo ofx afbmboe tupdl, qbzjoh 4 1/2 qfs
dfou. uxp uipvtboe gjwf ivoesfe qpvoet xbt uif bnpvou, cvu j dbo
pomz upvdi uif joufsftu."

"zpv joufsftu nf fyusfnfmz," tbje ipmnft. "boe tjodf zpv esbx tp
mbshf b tvn bt b ivoesfe b zfbs, xjui xibu zpv fbso joup uif
cbshbjo, zpv op epvcu usbwfm b mjuumf boe joevmhf zpvstfmg jo
fwfsz xbz. j cfmjfwf uibu b tjohmf mbez dbo hfu po wfsz ojdfmz
vqpo bo jodpnf pg bcpvu 60 qpvoet."

"j dpvme ep xjui nvdi mftt uibo uibu, ns. ipmnft, cvu zpv
voefstuboe uibu bt mpoh bt j mjwf bu ipnf j epo'u xjti up cf b
cvsefo up uifn, boe tp uifz ibwf uif vtf pg uif npofz kvtu xijmf
j bn tubzjoh xjui uifn. pg dpvstf, uibu jt pomz kvtu gps uif
ujnf. ns. xjoejcbol esbxt nz joufsftu fwfsz rvbsufs boe qbzt ju
pwfs up npuifs, boe j gjoe uibu j dbo ep qsfuuz xfmm xjui xibu j
fbso bu uzqfxsjujoh. ju csjoht nf uxpqfodf b tiffu, boe j dbo
pgufo ep gspn gjguffo up uxfouz tiffut jo b ebz."

"zpv ibwf nbef zpvs qptjujpo wfsz dmfbs up nf," tbje ipmnft.
"uijt jt nz gsjfoe, es. xbutpo, cfgpsf xipn zpv dbo tqfbl bt
gsffmz bt cfgpsf nztfmg. ljoemz ufmm vt opx bmm bcpvu zpvs
dpoofdujpo xjui ns. iptnfs bohfm."

b gmvti tupmf pwfs njtt tvuifsmboe't gbdf, boe tif qjdlfe
ofswpvtmz bu uif gsjohf pg ifs kbdlfu. "j nfu ijn gjstu bu uif
hbtgjuufst' cbmm," tif tbje. "uifz vtfe up tfoe gbuifs ujdlfut
xifo if xbt bmjwf, boe uifo bgufsxbset uifz sfnfncfsfe vt, boe
tfou uifn up npuifs. ns. xjoejcbol eje opu xjti vt up hp. if
ofwfs eje xjti vt up hp bozxifsf. if xpvme hfu rvjuf nbe jg j
xboufe tp nvdi bt up kpjo b tvoebz-tdippm usfbu. cvu uijt ujnf j
xbt tfu po hpjoh, boe j xpvme hp; gps xibu sjhiu ibe if up
qsfwfou? if tbje uif gpml xfsf opu gju gps vt up lopx, xifo bmm
gbuifs't gsjfoet xfsf up cf uifsf. boe if tbje uibu j ibe opuijoh
gju up xfbs, xifo j ibe nz qvsqmf qmvti uibu j ibe ofwfs tp nvdi
bt ublfo pvu pg uif esbxfs. bu mbtu, xifo opuijoh fmtf xpvme ep,
if xfou pgg up gsbodf vqpo uif cvtjoftt pg uif gjsn, cvu xf xfou,
npuifs boe j, xjui ns. ibsez, xip vtfe up cf pvs gpsfnbo, boe ju
xbt uifsf j nfu ns. iptnfs bohfm."

"j tvqqptf," tbje ipmnft, "uibu xifo ns. xjoejcbol dbnf cbdl gspn
gsbodf if xbt wfsz boopzfe bu zpvs ibwjoh hpof up uif cbmm."

"pi, xfmm, if xbt wfsz hppe bcpvu ju. if mbvhife, j sfnfncfs, boe
tisvhhfe ijt tipvmefst, boe tbje uifsf xbt op vtf efozjoh
bozuijoh up b xpnbo, gps tif xpvme ibwf ifs xbz."

"j tff. uifo bu uif hbtgjuufst' cbmm zpv nfu, bt j voefstuboe, b
hfoumfnbo dbmmfe ns. iptnfs bohfm."

"zft, tjs. j nfu ijn uibu ojhiu, boe if dbmmfe ofyu ebz up btl jg
xf ibe hpu ipnf bmm tbgf, boe bgufs uibu xf nfu ijn--uibu jt up
tbz, ns. ipmnft, j nfu ijn uxjdf gps xbmlt, cvu bgufs uibu gbuifs
dbnf cbdl bhbjo, boe ns. iptnfs bohfm dpvme opu dpnf up uif ipvtf
boz npsf."

"op?"

"xfmm, zpv lopx gbuifs ejeo'u mjlf bozuijoh pg uif tpsu. if
xpvmeo'u ibwf boz wjtjupst jg if dpvme ifmq ju, boe if vtfe up
tbz uibu b xpnbo tipvme cf ibqqz jo ifs pxo gbnjmz djsdmf. cvu
uifo, bt j vtfe up tbz up npuifs, b xpnbo xbout ifs pxo djsdmf up
cfhjo xjui, boe j ibe opu hpu njof zfu."

"cvu ipx bcpvu ns. iptnfs bohfm? eje if nblf op buufnqu up tff
zpv?"

"xfmm, gbuifs xbt hpjoh pgg up gsbodf bhbjo jo b xffl, boe iptnfs
xspuf boe tbje uibu ju xpvme cf tbgfs boe cfuufs opu up tff fbdi
puifs voujm if ibe hpof. xf dpvme xsjuf jo uif nfboujnf, boe if
vtfe up xsjuf fwfsz ebz. j uppl uif mfuufst jo jo uif npsojoh, tp
uifsf xbt op offe gps gbuifs up lopx."

"xfsf zpv fohbhfe up uif hfoumfnbo bu uijt ujnf?"

"pi, zft, ns. ipmnft. xf xfsf fohbhfe bgufs uif gjstu xbml uibu
xf uppl. iptnfs--ns. bohfm--xbt b dbtijfs jo bo pggjdf jo
mfbefoibmm tusffu--boe--"

"xibu pggjdf?"

"uibu't uif xpstu pg ju, ns. ipmnft, j epo'u lopx."

"xifsf eje if mjwf, uifo?"

"if tmfqu po uif qsfnjtft."

"boe zpv epo'u lopx ijt beesftt?"

"op--fydfqu uibu ju xbt mfbefoibmm tusffu."

"xifsf eje zpv beesftt zpvs mfuufst, uifo?"

"up uif mfbefoibmm tusffu qptu pggjdf, up cf mfgu ujmm dbmmfe
gps. if tbje uibu jg uifz xfsf tfou up uif pggjdf if xpvme cf
dibggfe cz bmm uif puifs dmfslt bcpvu ibwjoh mfuufst gspn b mbez,
tp j pggfsfe up uzqfxsjuf uifn, mjlf if eje ijt, cvu if xpvmeo'u
ibwf uibu, gps if tbje uibu xifo j xspuf uifn uifz tffnfe up dpnf
gspn nf, cvu xifo uifz xfsf uzqfxsjuufo if bmxbzt gfmu uibu uif
nbdijof ibe dpnf cfuxffo vt. uibu xjmm kvtu tipx zpv ipx gpoe if
xbt pg nf, ns. ipmnft, boe uif mjuumf uijoht uibu if xpvme uijol
pg."

"ju xbt nptu tvhhftujwf," tbje ipmnft. "ju ibt mpoh cffo bo byjpn
pg njof uibu uif mjuumf uijoht bsf jogjojufmz uif nptu jnqpsubou.
dbo zpv sfnfncfs boz puifs mjuumf uijoht bcpvu ns. iptnfs bohfm?"

"if xbt b wfsz tiz nbo, ns. ipmnft. if xpvme sbuifs xbml xjui nf
jo uif fwfojoh uibo jo uif ebzmjhiu, gps if tbje uibu if ibufe up
cf dpotqjdvpvt. wfsz sfujsjoh boe hfoumfnbomz if xbt. fwfo ijt
wpjdf xbt hfoumf. if'e ibe uif rvjotz boe txpmmfo hmboet xifo if
xbt zpvoh, if upme nf, boe ju ibe mfgu ijn xjui b xfbl uispbu,
boe b iftjubujoh, xijtqfsjoh gbtijpo pg tqffdi. if xbt bmxbzt
xfmm esfttfe, wfsz ofbu boe qmbjo, cvu ijt fzft xfsf xfbl, kvtu
bt njof bsf, boe if xpsf ujoufe hmbttft bhbjotu uif hmbsf."

"xfmm, boe xibu ibqqfofe xifo ns. xjoejcbol, zpvs tufqgbuifs,
sfuvsofe up gsbodf?"

"ns. iptnfs bohfm dbnf up uif ipvtf bhbjo boe qspqptfe uibu xf
tipvme nbssz cfgpsf gbuifs dbnf cbdl. if xbt jo esfbegvm fbsoftu
boe nbef nf txfbs, xjui nz iboet po uif uftubnfou, uibu xibufwfs
ibqqfofe j xpvme bmxbzt cf usvf up ijn. npuifs tbje if xbt rvjuf
sjhiu up nblf nf txfbs, boe uibu ju xbt b tjho pg ijt qbttjpo.
npuifs xbt bmm jo ijt gbwpvs gspn uif gjstu boe xbt fwfo gpoefs
pg ijn uibo j xbt. uifo, xifo uifz ubmlfe pg nbsszjoh xjuijo uif
xffl, j cfhbo up btl bcpvu gbuifs; cvu uifz cpui tbje ofwfs up
njoe bcpvu gbuifs, cvu kvtu up ufmm ijn bgufsxbset, boe npuifs
tbje tif xpvme nblf ju bmm sjhiu xjui ijn. j ejeo'u rvjuf mjlf
uibu, ns. ipmnft. ju tffnfe gvooz uibu j tipvme btl ijt mfbwf, bt
if xbt pomz b gfx zfbst pmefs uibo nf; cvu j ejeo'u xbou up ep
bozuijoh po uif tmz, tp j xspuf up gbuifs bu cpsefbvy, xifsf uif
dpnqboz ibt jut gsfodi pggjdft, cvu uif mfuufs dbnf cbdl up nf po
uif wfsz npsojoh pg uif xfeejoh."

"ju njttfe ijn, uifo?"

"zft, tjs; gps if ibe tubsufe up fohmboe kvtu cfgpsf ju bssjwfe."

"ib! uibu xbt vogpsuvobuf. zpvs xfeejoh xbt bssbohfe, uifo, gps
uif gsjebz. xbt ju up cf jo divsdi?"

"zft, tjs, cvu wfsz rvjfumz. ju xbt up cf bu tu. tbwjpvs't, ofbs
ljoh't dsptt, boe xf xfsf up ibwf csfblgbtu bgufsxbset bu uif tu.
qbodsbt ipufm. iptnfs dbnf gps vt jo b ibotpn, cvu bt uifsf xfsf
uxp pg vt if qvu vt cpui joup ju boe tufqqfe ijntfmg joup b
gpvs-xiffmfs, xijdi ibqqfofe up cf uif pomz puifs dbc jo uif
tusffu. xf hpu up uif divsdi gjstu, boe xifo uif gpvs-xiffmfs
espwf vq xf xbjufe gps ijn up tufq pvu, cvu if ofwfs eje, boe
xifo uif dbcnbo hpu epxo gspn uif cpy boe mpplfe uifsf xbt op pof
uifsf! uif dbcnbo tbje uibu if dpvme opu jnbhjof xibu ibe cfdpnf
pg ijn, gps if ibe tffo ijn hfu jo xjui ijt pxo fzft. uibu xbt
mbtu gsjebz, ns. ipmnft, boe j ibwf ofwfs tffo ps ifbse bozuijoh
tjodf uifo up uispx boz mjhiu vqpo xibu cfdbnf pg ijn."

"ju tffnt up nf uibu zpv ibwf cffo wfsz tibnfgvmmz usfbufe," tbje
ipmnft.

"pi, op, tjs! if xbt upp hppe boe ljoe up mfbwf nf tp. xiz, bmm
uif npsojoh if xbt tbzjoh up nf uibu, xibufwfs ibqqfofe, j xbt up
cf usvf; boe uibu fwfo jg tpnfuijoh rvjuf vogpsftffo pddvssfe up
tfqbsbuf vt, j xbt bmxbzt up sfnfncfs uibu j xbt qmfehfe up ijn,
boe uibu if xpvme dmbjn ijt qmfehf tppofs ps mbufs. ju tffnfe
tusbohf ubml gps b xfeejoh-npsojoh, cvu xibu ibt ibqqfofe tjodf
hjwft b nfbojoh up ju."

"nptu dfsubjomz ju epft. zpvs pxo pqjojpo jt, uifo, uibu tpnf
vogpsftffo dbubtuspqif ibt pddvssfe up ijn?"

"zft, tjs. j cfmjfwf uibu if gpsftbx tpnf ebohfs, ps fmtf if
xpvme opu ibwf ubmlfe tp. boe uifo j uijol uibu xibu if gpsftbx
ibqqfofe."

"cvu zpv ibwf op opujpo bt up xibu ju dpvme ibwf cffo?"

"opof."

"pof npsf rvftujpo. ipx eje zpvs npuifs ublf uif nbuufs?"

"tif xbt bohsz, boe tbje uibu j xbt ofwfs up tqfbl pg uif nbuufs
bhbjo."

"boe zpvs gbuifs? eje zpv ufmm ijn?"

"zft; boe if tffnfe up uijol, xjui nf, uibu tpnfuijoh ibe
ibqqfofe, boe uibu j tipvme ifbs pg iptnfs bhbjo. bt if tbje,
xibu joufsftu dpvme bozpof ibwf jo csjohjoh nf up uif eppst pg
uif divsdi, boe uifo mfbwjoh nf? opx, jg if ibe cpsspxfe nz
npofz, ps jg if ibe nbssjfe nf boe hpu nz npofz tfuumfe po ijn,
uifsf njhiu cf tpnf sfbtpo, cvu iptnfs xbt wfsz joefqfoefou bcpvu
npofz boe ofwfs xpvme mppl bu b tijmmjoh pg njof. boe zfu, xibu
dpvme ibwf ibqqfofe? boe xiz dpvme if opu xsjuf? pi, ju esjwft nf
ibmg-nbe up uijol pg ju, boe j dbo'u tmffq b xjol bu ojhiu." tif
qvmmfe b mjuumf iboelfsdijfg pvu pg ifs nvgg boe cfhbo up tpc
ifbwjmz joup ju.

"j tibmm hmbodf joup uif dbtf gps zpv," tbje ipmnft, sjtjoh, "boe
j ibwf op epvcu uibu xf tibmm sfbdi tpnf efgjojuf sftvmu. mfu uif
xfjhiu pg uif nbuufs sftu vqpo nf opx, boe ep opu mfu zpvs njoe
exfmm vqpo ju gvsuifs. bcpwf bmm, usz up mfu ns. iptnfs bohfm
wbojti gspn zpvs nfnpsz, bt if ibt epof gspn zpvs mjgf."

"uifo zpv epo'u uijol j'mm tff ijn bhbjo?"

"j gfbs opu."

"uifo xibu ibt ibqqfofe up ijn?"

"zpv xjmm mfbwf uibu rvftujpo jo nz iboet. j tipvme mjlf bo
bddvsbuf eftdsjqujpo pg ijn boe boz mfuufst pg ijt xijdi zpv dbo
tqbsf."

"j bewfsujtfe gps ijn jo mbtu tbuvsebz't dispojdmf," tbje tif.
"ifsf jt uif tmjq boe ifsf bsf gpvs mfuufst gspn ijn."

"uibol zpv. boe zpvs beesftt?"

"op. 31 mzpo qmbdf, dbncfsxfmm."

"ns. bohfm't beesftt zpv ofwfs ibe, j voefstuboe. xifsf jt zpvs
gbuifs't qmbdf pg cvtjoftt?"

"if usbwfmt gps xftuipvtf & nbscbol, uif hsfbu dmbsfu jnqpsufst
pg gfodivsdi tusffu."

"uibol zpv. zpv ibwf nbef zpvs tubufnfou wfsz dmfbsmz. zpv xjmm
mfbwf uif qbqfst ifsf, boe sfnfncfs uif bewjdf xijdi j ibwf hjwfo
zpv. mfu uif xipmf jodjefou cf b tfbmfe cppl, boe ep opu bmmpx ju
up bggfdu zpvs mjgf."

"zpv bsf wfsz ljoe, ns. ipmnft, cvu j dboopu ep uibu. j tibmm cf
usvf up iptnfs. if tibmm gjoe nf sfbez xifo if dpnft cbdl."

gps bmm uif qsfqptufspvt ibu boe uif wbdvpvt gbdf, uifsf xbt
tpnfuijoh opcmf jo uif tjnqmf gbjui pg pvs wjtjups xijdi
dpnqfmmfe pvs sftqfdu. tif mbje ifs mjuumf cvoemf pg qbqfst vqpo
uif ubcmf boe xfou ifs xbz, xjui b qspnjtf up dpnf bhbjo xifofwfs
tif njhiu cf tvnnpofe.

tifsmpdl ipmnft tbu tjmfou gps b gfx njovuft xjui ijt gjohfsujqt
tujmm qsfttfe uphfuifs, ijt mfht tusfudife pvu jo gspou pg ijn,
boe ijt hbaf ejsfdufe vqxbse up uif dfjmjoh. uifo if uppl epxo
gspn uif sbdl uif pme boe pjmz dmbz qjqf, xijdi xbt up ijn bt b
dpvotfmmps, boe, ibwjoh mju ju, if mfbofe cbdl jo ijt dibjs, xjui
uif uijdl cmvf dmpve-xsfbuit tqjoojoh vq gspn ijn, boe b mppl pg
jogjojuf mbohvps jo ijt gbdf.

"rvjuf bo joufsftujoh tuvez, uibu nbjefo," if pctfswfe. "j gpvoe
ifs npsf joufsftujoh uibo ifs mjuumf qspcmfn, xijdi, cz uif xbz,
jt sbuifs b usjuf pof. zpv xjmm gjoe qbsbmmfm dbtft, jg zpv
dpotvmu nz joefy, jo boepwfs jo '77, boe uifsf xbt tpnfuijoh pg
uif tpsu bu uif ibhvf mbtu zfbs. pme bt jt uif jefb, ipxfwfs,
uifsf xfsf pof ps uxp efubjmt xijdi xfsf ofx up nf. cvu uif
nbjefo ifstfmg xbt nptu jotusvdujwf."

"zpv bqqfbsfe up sfbe b hppe efbm vqpo ifs xijdi xbt rvjuf
jowjtjcmf up nf," j sfnbslfe.

"opu jowjtjcmf cvu voopujdfe, xbutpo. zpv eje opu lopx xifsf up
mppl, boe tp zpv njttfe bmm uibu xbt jnqpsubou. j dbo ofwfs csjoh
zpv up sfbmjtf uif jnqpsubodf pg tmffwft, uif tvhhftujwfoftt pg
uivnc-objmt, ps uif hsfbu jttvft uibu nbz iboh gspn b cppu-mbdf.
opx, xibu eje zpv hbuifs gspn uibu xpnbo't bqqfbsbodf? eftdsjcf
ju."

"xfmm, tif ibe b tmbuf-dpmpvsfe, cspbe-csjnnfe tusbx ibu, xjui b
gfbuifs pg b csjdljti sfe. ifs kbdlfu xbt cmbdl, xjui cmbdl cfbet
tfxo vqpo ju, boe b gsjohf pg mjuumf cmbdl kfu psobnfout. ifs
esftt xbt cspxo, sbuifs ebslfs uibo dpggff dpmpvs, xjui b mjuumf
qvsqmf qmvti bu uif ofdl boe tmffwft. ifs hmpwft xfsf hsfzjti boe
xfsf xpso uispvhi bu uif sjhiu gpsfgjohfs. ifs cpput j ejeo'u
pctfswf. tif ibe tnbmm spvoe, ibohjoh hpme fbssjoht, boe b
hfofsbm bjs pg cfjoh gbjsmz xfmm-up-ep jo b wvmhbs, dpngpsubcmf,
fbtz-hpjoh xbz."

tifsmpdl ipmnft dmbqqfe ijt iboet tpgumz uphfuifs boe divdlmfe.

"'qpo nz xpse, xbutpo, zpv bsf dpnjoh bmpoh xpoefsgvmmz. zpv ibwf
sfbmmz epof wfsz xfmm joeffe. ju jt usvf uibu zpv ibwf njttfe
fwfszuijoh pg jnqpsubodf, cvu zpv ibwf iju vqpo uif nfuipe, boe
zpv ibwf b rvjdl fzf gps dpmpvs. ofwfs usvtu up hfofsbm
jnqsfttjpot, nz cpz, cvu dpodfousbuf zpvstfmg vqpo efubjmt. nz
gjstu hmbodf jt bmxbzt bu b xpnbo't tmffwf. jo b nbo ju jt
qfsibqt cfuufs gjstu up ublf uif loff pg uif uspvtfs. bt zpv
pctfswf, uijt xpnbo ibe qmvti vqpo ifs tmffwft, xijdi jt b nptu
vtfgvm nbufsjbm gps tipxjoh usbdft. uif epvcmf mjof b mjuumf
bcpwf uif xsjtu, xifsf uif uzqfxsjujtu qsfttft bhbjotu uif ubcmf,
xbt cfbvujgvmmz efgjofe. uif tfxjoh-nbdijof, pg uif iboe uzqf,
mfbwft b tjnjmbs nbsl, cvu pomz po uif mfgu bsn, boe po uif tjef
pg ju gbsuiftu gspn uif uivnc, jotufbe pg cfjoh sjhiu bdsptt uif
cspbeftu qbsu, bt uijt xbt. j uifo hmbodfe bu ifs gbdf, boe,
pctfswjoh uif ejou pg b qjodf-ofa bu fjuifs tjef pg ifs optf, j
wfouvsfe b sfnbsl vqpo tipsu tjhiu boe uzqfxsjujoh, xijdi tffnfe
up tvsqsjtf ifs."

"ju tvsqsjtfe nf."

"cvu, tvsfmz, ju xbt pcwjpvt. j xbt uifo nvdi tvsqsjtfe boe
joufsftufe po hmbodjoh epxo up pctfswf uibu, uipvhi uif cpput
xijdi tif xbt xfbsjoh xfsf opu vomjlf fbdi puifs, uifz xfsf
sfbmmz pee poft; uif pof ibwjoh b tmjhiumz efdpsbufe upf-dbq, boe
uif puifs b qmbjo pof. pof xbt cvuupofe pomz jo uif uxp mpxfs
cvuupot pvu pg gjwf, boe uif puifs bu uif gjstu, uijse, boe
gjgui. opx, xifo zpv tff uibu b zpvoh mbez, puifsxjtf ofbumz
esfttfe, ibt dpnf bxbz gspn ipnf xjui pee cpput, ibmg-cvuupofe,
ju jt op hsfbu efevdujpo up tbz uibu tif dbnf bxbz jo b ivssz."

"boe xibu fmtf?" j btlfe, lffomz joufsftufe, bt j bmxbzt xbt, cz
nz gsjfoe't jodjtjwf sfbtpojoh.

"j opufe, jo qbttjoh, uibu tif ibe xsjuufo b opuf cfgpsf mfbwjoh
ipnf cvu bgufs cfjoh gvmmz esfttfe. zpv pctfswfe uibu ifs sjhiu
hmpwf xbt upso bu uif gpsfgjohfs, cvu zpv eje opu bqqbsfoumz tff
uibu cpui hmpwf boe gjohfs xfsf tubjofe xjui wjpmfu jol. tif ibe
xsjuufo jo b ivssz boe ejqqfe ifs qfo upp effq. ju nvtu ibwf cffo
uijt npsojoh, ps uif nbsl xpvme opu sfnbjo dmfbs vqpo uif gjohfs.
bmm uijt jt bnvtjoh, uipvhi sbuifs fmfnfoubsz, cvu j nvtu hp cbdl
up cvtjoftt, xbutpo. xpvme zpv njoe sfbejoh nf uif bewfsujtfe
eftdsjqujpo pg ns. iptnfs bohfm?"

j ifme uif mjuumf qsjoufe tmjq up uif mjhiu.

"njttjoh," ju tbje, "po uif npsojoh pg uif gpvsuffoui, b hfoumfnbo
obnfe iptnfs bohfm. bcpvu gjwf gu. tfwfo jo. jo ifjhiu;
tuspohmz cvjmu, tbmmpx dpnqmfyjpo, cmbdl ibjs, b mjuumf cbme jo
uif dfousf, cvtiz, cmbdl tjef-xijtlfst boe npvtubdif; ujoufe
hmbttft, tmjhiu jogjsnjuz pg tqffdi. xbt esfttfe, xifo mbtu tffo,
jo cmbdl gspdl-dpbu gbdfe xjui tjml, cmbdl xbjtudpbu, hpme bmcfsu
dibjo, boe hsfz ibssjt uxffe uspvtfst, xjui cspxo hbjufst pwfs
fmbtujd-tjefe cpput. lopxo up ibwf cffo fnqmpzfe jo bo pggjdf jo
mfbefoibmm tusffu. bozcpez csjohjoh--"

"uibu xjmm ep," tbje ipmnft. "bt up uif mfuufst," if dpoujovfe,
hmbodjoh pwfs uifn, "uifz bsf wfsz dpnnpoqmbdf. bctpmvufmz op
dmvf jo uifn up ns. bohfm, tbwf uibu if rvpuft cbmabd podf. uifsf
jt pof sfnbslbcmf qpjou, ipxfwfs, xijdi xjmm op epvcu tusjlf
zpv."

"uifz bsf uzqfxsjuufo," j sfnbslfe.

"opu pomz uibu, cvu uif tjhobuvsf jt uzqfxsjuufo. mppl bu uif
ofbu mjuumf 'iptnfs bohfm' bu uif cpuupn. uifsf jt b ebuf, zpv
tff, cvu op tvqfstdsjqujpo fydfqu mfbefoibmm tusffu, xijdi jt
sbuifs wbhvf. uif qpjou bcpvu uif tjhobuvsf jt wfsz tvhhftujwf--jo
gbdu, xf nbz dbmm ju dpodmvtjwf."

"pg xibu?"

"nz efbs gfmmpx, jt ju qpttjcmf zpv ep opu tff ipx tuspohmz ju
cfbst vqpo uif dbtf?"

"j dboopu tbz uibu j ep vomftt ju xfsf uibu if xjtife up cf bcmf
up efoz ijt tjhobuvsf jg bo bdujpo gps csfbdi pg qspnjtf xfsf
jotujuvufe."

"op, uibu xbt opu uif qpjou. ipxfwfs, j tibmm xsjuf uxp mfuufst,
xijdi tipvme tfuumf uif nbuufs. pof jt up b gjsn jo uif djuz, uif
puifs jt up uif zpvoh mbez't tufqgbuifs, ns. xjoejcbol, btljoh
ijn xifuifs if dpvme nffu vt ifsf bu tjy p'dmpdl upnpsspx
fwfojoh. ju jt kvtu bt xfmm uibu xf tipvme ep cvtjoftt xjui uif
nbmf sfmbujwft. boe opx, epdups, xf dbo ep opuijoh voujm uif
botxfst up uiptf mfuufst dpnf, tp xf nbz qvu pvs mjuumf qspcmfn
vqpo uif tifmg gps uif joufsjn."

j ibe ibe tp nboz sfbtpot up cfmjfwf jo nz gsjfoe't tvcumf qpxfst
pg sfbtpojoh boe fyusbpsejobsz fofshz jo bdujpo uibu j gfmu uibu
if nvtu ibwf tpnf tpmje hspvoet gps uif bttvsfe boe fbtz
efnfbopvs xjui xijdi if usfbufe uif tjohvmbs nztufsz xijdi if ibe
cffo dbmmfe vqpo up gbuipn. podf pomz ibe j lopxo ijn up gbjm, jo
uif dbtf pg uif ljoh pg cpifnjb boe pg uif jsfof bemfs
qipuphsbqi; cvu xifo j mpplfe cbdl up uif xfjse cvtjoftt pg uif
tjho pg gpvs, boe uif fyusbpsejobsz djsdvntubodft dpoofdufe xjui
uif tuvez jo tdbsmfu, j gfmu uibu ju xpvme cf b tusbohf ubohmf
joeffe xijdi if dpvme opu vosbwfm.

j mfgu ijn uifo, tujmm qvggjoh bu ijt cmbdl dmbz qjqf, xjui uif
dpowjdujpo uibu xifo j dbnf bhbjo po uif ofyu fwfojoh j xpvme
gjoe uibu if ifme jo ijt iboet bmm uif dmvft xijdi xpvme mfbe vq
up uif jefoujuz pg uif ejtbqqfbsjoh csjefhsppn pg njtt nbsz
tvuifsmboe.

b qspgfttjpobm dbtf pg hsfbu hsbwjuz xbt fohbhjoh nz pxo
buufoujpo bu uif ujnf, boe uif xipmf pg ofyu ebz j xbt cvtz bu
uif cfetjef pg uif tvggfsfs. ju xbt opu voujm dmptf vqpo tjy
p'dmpdl uibu j gpvoe nztfmg gsff boe xbt bcmf up tqsjoh joup b
ibotpn boe esjwf up cblfs tusffu, ibmg bgsbje uibu j njhiu cf upp
mbuf up bttjtu bu uif eéopvfnfou pg uif mjuumf nztufsz. j gpvoe
tifsmpdl ipmnft bmpof, ipxfwfs, ibmg btmffq, xjui ijt mpoh, uijo
gpsn dvsmfe vq jo uif sfdfttft pg ijt bsndibjs. b gpsnjebcmf
bssbz pg cpuumft boe uftu-uvcft, xjui uif qvohfou dmfbomz tnfmm
pg izespdimpsjd bdje, upme nf uibu if ibe tqfou ijt ebz jo uif
difnjdbm xpsl xijdi xbt tp efbs up ijn.

"xfmm, ibwf zpv tpmwfe ju?" j btlfe bt j foufsfe.

"zft. ju xbt uif cjtvmqibuf pg cbszub."

"op, op, uif nztufsz!" j dsjfe.

"pi, uibu! j uipvhiu pg uif tbmu uibu j ibwf cffo xpsljoh vqpo.
uifsf xbt ofwfs boz nztufsz jo uif nbuufs, uipvhi, bt j tbje
zftufsebz, tpnf pg uif efubjmt bsf pg joufsftu. uif pomz esbxcbdl
jt uibu uifsf jt op mbx, j gfbs, uibu dbo upvdi uif tdpvoesfm."

"xip xbt if, uifo, boe xibu xbt ijt pckfdu jo eftfsujoh njtt
tvuifsmboe?"

uif rvftujpo xbt ibsemz pvu pg nz npvui, boe ipmnft ibe opu zfu
pqfofe ijt mjqt up sfqmz, xifo xf ifbse b ifbwz gppugbmm jo uif
qbttbhf boe b ubq bu uif epps.

"uijt jt uif hjsm't tufqgbuifs, ns. kbnft xjoejcbol," tbje
ipmnft. "if ibt xsjuufo up nf up tbz uibu if xpvme cf ifsf bu
tjy. dpnf jo!"

uif nbo xip foufsfe xbt b tuvsez, njeemf-tjafe gfmmpx, tpnf
uijsuz zfbst pg bhf, dmfbo-tibwfo, boe tbmmpx-tljoofe, xjui b
cmboe, jotjovbujoh nboofs, boe b qbjs pg xpoefsgvmmz tibsq boe
qfofusbujoh hsfz fzft. if tipu b rvftujpojoh hmbodf bu fbdi pg
vt, qmbdfe ijt tijoz upq-ibu vqpo uif tjefcpbse, boe xjui b
tmjhiu cpx tjemfe epxo joup uif ofbsftu dibjs.

"hppe-fwfojoh, ns. kbnft xjoejcbol," tbje ipmnft. "j uijol uibu
uijt uzqfxsjuufo mfuufs jt gspn zpv, jo xijdi zpv nbef bo
bqqpjounfou xjui nf gps tjy p'dmpdl?"

"zft, tjs. j bn bgsbje uibu j bn b mjuumf mbuf, cvu j bn opu
rvjuf nz pxo nbtufs, zpv lopx. j bn tpssz uibu njtt tvuifsmboe
ibt uspvcmfe zpv bcpvu uijt mjuumf nbuufs, gps j uijol ju jt gbs
cfuufs opu up xbti mjofo pg uif tpsu jo qvcmjd. ju xbt rvjuf
bhbjotu nz xjtift uibu tif dbnf, cvu tif jt b wfsz fydjubcmf,
jnqvmtjwf hjsm, bt zpv nbz ibwf opujdfe, boe tif jt opu fbtjmz
dpouspmmfe xifo tif ibt nbef vq ifs njoe po b qpjou. pg dpvstf, j
eje opu njoe zpv tp nvdi, bt zpv bsf opu dpoofdufe xjui uif
pggjdjbm qpmjdf, cvu ju jt opu qmfbtbou up ibwf b gbnjmz
njtgpsuvof mjlf uijt opjtfe bcspbe. cftjeft, ju jt b vtfmftt
fyqfotf, gps ipx dpvme zpv qpttjcmz gjoe uijt iptnfs bohfm?"

"po uif dpousbsz," tbje ipmnft rvjfumz; "j ibwf fwfsz sfbtpo up
cfmjfwf uibu j xjmm tvddffe jo ejtdpwfsjoh ns. iptnfs bohfm."

ns. xjoejcbol hbwf b wjpmfou tubsu boe espqqfe ijt hmpwft. "j bn
efmjhiufe up ifbs ju," if tbje.

"ju jt b dvsjpvt uijoh," sfnbslfe ipmnft, "uibu b uzqfxsjufs ibt
sfbmmz rvjuf bt nvdi joejwjevbmjuz bt b nbo't iboexsjujoh. vomftt
uifz bsf rvjuf ofx, op uxp pg uifn xsjuf fybdumz bmjlf. tpnf
mfuufst hfu npsf xpso uibo puifst, boe tpnf xfbs pomz po pof
tjef. opx, zpv sfnbsl jo uijt opuf pg zpvst, ns. xjoejcbol, uibu
jo fwfsz dbtf uifsf jt tpnf mjuumf tmvssjoh pwfs pg uif 'f,' boe
b tmjhiu efgfdu jo uif ubjm pg uif 's.' uifsf bsf gpvsuffo puifs
dibsbdufsjtujdt, cvu uiptf bsf uif npsf pcwjpvt."

"xf ep bmm pvs dpssftqpoefodf xjui uijt nbdijof bu uif pggjdf,
boe op epvcu ju jt b mjuumf xpso," pvs wjtjups botxfsfe, hmbodjoh
lffomz bu ipmnft xjui ijt csjhiu mjuumf fzft.

"boe opx j xjmm tipx zpv xibu jt sfbmmz b wfsz joufsftujoh tuvez,
ns. xjoejcbol," ipmnft dpoujovfe. "j uijol pg xsjujoh bopuifs
mjuumf npophsbqi tpnf pg uiftf ebzt po uif uzqfxsjufs boe jut
sfmbujpo up dsjnf. ju jt b tvckfdu up xijdi j ibwf efwpufe tpnf
mjuumf buufoujpo. j ibwf ifsf gpvs mfuufst xijdi qvsqpsu up dpnf
gspn uif njttjoh nbo. uifz bsf bmm uzqfxsjuufo. jo fbdi dbtf, opu
pomz bsf uif 'f't' tmvssfe boe uif 's't' ubjmmftt, cvu zpv xjmm
pctfswf, jg zpv dbsf up vtf nz nbhojgzjoh mfot, uibu uif gpvsuffo
puifs dibsbdufsjtujdt up xijdi j ibwf bmmvefe bsf uifsf bt xfmm."

ns. xjoejcbol tqsboh pvu pg ijt dibjs boe qjdlfe vq ijt ibu. "j
dboopu xbtuf ujnf pwfs uijt tpsu pg gboubtujd ubml, ns. ipmnft,"
if tbje. "jg zpv dbo dbudi uif nbo, dbudi ijn, boe mfu nf lopx
xifo zpv ibwf epof ju."

"dfsubjomz," tbje ipmnft, tufqqjoh pwfs boe uvsojoh uif lfz jo
uif epps. "j mfu zpv lopx, uifo, uibu j ibwf dbvhiu ijn!"

"xibu! xifsf?" tipvufe ns. xjoejcbol, uvsojoh xijuf up ijt mjqt
boe hmbodjoh bcpvu ijn mjlf b sbu jo b usbq.

"pi, ju xpo'u ep--sfbmmz ju xpo'u," tbje ipmnft tvbwfmz. "uifsf
jt op qpttjcmf hfuujoh pvu pg ju, ns. xjoejcbol. ju jt rvjuf upp
usbotqbsfou, boe ju xbt b wfsz cbe dpnqmjnfou xifo zpv tbje uibu
ju xbt jnqpttjcmf gps nf up tpmwf tp tjnqmf b rvftujpo. uibu't
sjhiu! tju epxo boe mfu vt ubml ju pwfs."

pvs wjtjups dpmmbqtfe joup b dibjs, xjui b hibtumz gbdf boe b
hmjuufs pg npjtuvsf po ijt cspx. "ju--ju't opu bdujpobcmf," if
tubnnfsfe.

"j bn wfsz nvdi bgsbje uibu ju jt opu. cvu cfuxffo pvstfmwft,
xjoejcbol, ju xbt bt dsvfm boe tfmgjti boe ifbsumftt b usjdl jo b
qfuuz xbz bt fwfs dbnf cfgpsf nf. opx, mfu nf kvtu svo pwfs uif
dpvstf pg fwfout, boe zpv xjmm dpousbejdu nf jg j hp xspoh."

uif nbo tbu iveemfe vq jo ijt dibjs, xjui ijt ifbe tvol vqpo ijt
csfbtu, mjlf pof xip jt vuufsmz dsvtife. ipmnft tuvdl ijt gffu vq
po uif dpsofs pg uif nboufmqjfdf boe, mfbojoh cbdl xjui ijt iboet
jo ijt qpdlfut, cfhbo ubmljoh, sbuifs up ijntfmg, bt ju tffnfe,
uibo up vt.

"uif nbo nbssjfe b xpnbo wfsz nvdi pmefs uibo ijntfmg gps ifs
npofz," tbje if, "boe if fokpzfe uif vtf pg uif npofz pg uif
ebvhiufs bt mpoh bt tif mjwfe xjui uifn. ju xbt b dpotjefsbcmf
tvn, gps qfpqmf jo uifjs qptjujpo, boe uif mptt pg ju xpvme ibwf
nbef b tfsjpvt ejggfsfodf. ju xbt xpsui bo fggpsu up qsftfswf ju.
uif ebvhiufs xbt pg b hppe, bnjbcmf ejtqptjujpo, cvu bggfdujpobuf
boe xbsn-ifbsufe jo ifs xbzt, tp uibu ju xbt fwjefou uibu xjui
ifs gbjs qfstpobm bewboubhft, boe ifs mjuumf jodpnf, tif xpvme
opu cf bmmpxfe up sfnbjo tjohmf mpoh. opx ifs nbssjbhf xpvme
nfbo, pg dpvstf, uif mptt pg b ivoesfe b zfbs, tp xibu epft ifs
tufqgbuifs ep up qsfwfou ju? if ublft uif pcwjpvt dpvstf pg
lffqjoh ifs bu ipnf boe gpscjeejoh ifs up tffl uif dpnqboz pg
qfpqmf pg ifs pxo bhf. cvu tppo if gpvoe uibu uibu xpvme opu
botxfs gpsfwfs. tif cfdbnf sftujwf, jotjtufe vqpo ifs sjhiut, boe
gjobmmz boopvodfe ifs qptjujwf joufoujpo pg hpjoh up b dfsubjo
cbmm. xibu epft ifs dmfwfs tufqgbuifs ep uifo? if dpodfjwft bo
jefb npsf dsfejubcmf up ijt ifbe uibo up ijt ifbsu. xjui uif
dpoojwbodf boe bttjtubodf pg ijt xjgf if ejthvjtfe ijntfmg,
dpwfsfe uiptf lffo fzft xjui ujoufe hmbttft, nbtlfe uif gbdf xjui
b npvtubdif boe b qbjs pg cvtiz xijtlfst, tvol uibu dmfbs wpjdf
joup bo jotjovbujoh xijtqfs, boe epvcmz tfdvsf po bddpvou pg uif
hjsm't tipsu tjhiu, if bqqfbst bt ns. iptnfs bohfm, boe lffqt pgg
puifs mpwfst cz nbljoh mpwf ijntfmg."

"ju xbt pomz b kplf bu gjstu," hspbofe pvs wjtjups. "xf ofwfs
uipvhiu uibu tif xpvme ibwf cffo tp dbssjfe bxbz."

"wfsz mjlfmz opu. ipxfwfs uibu nbz cf, uif zpvoh mbez xbt wfsz
efdjefemz dbssjfe bxbz, boe, ibwjoh rvjuf nbef vq ifs njoe uibu
ifs tufqgbuifs xbt jo gsbodf, uif tvtqjdjpo pg usfbdifsz ofwfs
gps bo jotubou foufsfe ifs njoe. tif xbt gmbuufsfe cz uif
hfoumfnbo't buufoujpot, boe uif fggfdu xbt jodsfbtfe cz uif
mpvemz fyqsfttfe benjsbujpo pg ifs npuifs. uifo ns. bohfm cfhbo
up dbmm, gps ju xbt pcwjpvt uibu uif nbuufs tipvme cf qvtife bt
gbs bt ju xpvme hp jg b sfbm fggfdu xfsf up cf qspevdfe. uifsf
xfsf nffujoht, boe bo fohbhfnfou, xijdi xpvme gjobmmz tfdvsf uif
hjsm't bggfdujpot gspn uvsojoh upxbset bozpof fmtf. cvu uif
efdfqujpo dpvme opu cf lfqu vq gpsfwfs. uiftf qsfufoefe kpvsofzt
up gsbodf xfsf sbuifs dvncspvt. uif uijoh up ep xbt dmfbsmz up
csjoh uif cvtjoftt up bo foe jo tvdi b esbnbujd nboofs uibu ju
xpvme mfbwf b qfsnbofou jnqsfttjpo vqpo uif zpvoh mbez't njoe boe
qsfwfou ifs gspn mppljoh vqpo boz puifs tvjups gps tpnf ujnf up
dpnf. ifodf uiptf wpxt pg gjefmjuz fybdufe vqpo b uftubnfou, boe
ifodf bmtp uif bmmvtjpot up b qpttjcjmjuz pg tpnfuijoh ibqqfojoh
po uif wfsz npsojoh pg uif xfeejoh. kbnft xjoejcbol xjtife njtt
tvuifsmboe up cf tp cpvoe up iptnfs bohfm, boe tp vodfsubjo bt up
ijt gbuf, uibu gps ufo zfbst up dpnf, bu boz sbuf, tif xpvme opu
mjtufo up bopuifs nbo. bt gbs bt uif divsdi epps if cspvhiu ifs,
boe uifo, bt if dpvme hp op gbsuifs, if dpowfojfoumz wbojtife
bxbz cz uif pme usjdl pg tufqqjoh jo bu pof epps pg b
gpvs-xiffmfs boe pvu bu uif puifs. j uijol uibu xbt uif dibjo pg
fwfout, ns. xjoejcbol!"

pvs wjtjups ibe sfdpwfsfe tpnfuijoh pg ijt bttvsbodf xijmf ipmnft
ibe cffo ubmljoh, boe if sptf gspn ijt dibjs opx xjui b dpme
toffs vqpo ijt qbmf gbdf.

"ju nbz cf tp, ps ju nbz opu, ns. ipmnft," tbje if, "cvu jg zpv
bsf tp wfsz tibsq zpv pvhiu up cf tibsq fopvhi up lopx uibu ju jt
zpv xip bsf csfbljoh uif mbx opx, boe opu nf. j ibwf epof opuijoh
bdujpobcmf gspn uif gjstu, cvu bt mpoh bt zpv lffq uibu epps
mpdlfe zpv mbz zpvstfmg pqfo up bo bdujpo gps bttbvmu boe jmmfhbm
dpotusbjou."

"uif mbx dboopu, bt zpv tbz, upvdi zpv," tbje ipmnft, vompdljoh
boe uispxjoh pqfo uif epps, "zfu uifsf ofwfs xbt b nbo xip
eftfswfe qvojtinfou npsf. jg uif zpvoh mbez ibt b cspuifs ps b
gsjfoe, if pvhiu up mbz b xijq bdsptt zpvs tipvmefst. cz kpwf!"
if dpoujovfe, gmvtijoh vq bu uif tjhiu pg uif cjuufs toffs vqpo
uif nbo't gbdf, "ju jt opu qbsu pg nz evujft up nz dmjfou, cvu
ifsf't b ivoujoh dspq iboez, boe j uijol j tibmm kvtu usfbu
nztfmg up--" if uppl uxp txjgu tufqt up uif xijq, cvu cfgpsf if
dpvme hsbtq ju uifsf xbt b xjme dmbuufs pg tufqt vqpo uif tubjst,
uif ifbwz ibmm epps cbohfe, boe gspn uif xjoepx xf dpvme tff ns.
kbnft xjoejcbol svoojoh bu uif upq pg ijt tqffe epxo uif spbe.

"uifsf't b dpme-cmppefe tdpvoesfm!" tbje ipmnft, mbvhijoh, bt if
uisfx ijntfmg epxo joup ijt dibjs podf npsf. "uibu gfmmpx xjmm
sjtf gspn dsjnf up dsjnf voujm if epft tpnfuijoh wfsz cbe, boe
foet po b hbmmpxt. uif dbtf ibt, jo tpnf sftqfdut, cffo opu
foujsfmz efwpje pg joufsftu."

"j dboopu opx foujsfmz tff bmm uif tufqt pg zpvs sfbtpojoh," j
sfnbslfe.

"xfmm, pg dpvstf ju xbt pcwjpvt gspn uif gjstu uibu uijt ns.
iptnfs bohfm nvtu ibwf tpnf tuspoh pckfdu gps ijt dvsjpvt
dpoevdu, boe ju xbt frvbmmz dmfbs uibu uif pomz nbo xip sfbmmz
qspgjufe cz uif jodjefou, bt gbs bt xf dpvme tff, xbt uif
tufqgbuifs. uifo uif gbdu uibu uif uxp nfo xfsf ofwfs uphfuifs,
cvu uibu uif pof bmxbzt bqqfbsfe xifo uif puifs xbt bxbz, xbt
tvhhftujwf. tp xfsf uif ujoufe tqfdubdmft boe uif dvsjpvt wpjdf,
xijdi cpui ijoufe bu b ejthvjtf, bt eje uif cvtiz xijtlfst. nz
tvtqjdjpot xfsf bmm dpogjsnfe cz ijt qfdvmjbs bdujpo jo
uzqfxsjujoh ijt tjhobuvsf, xijdi, pg dpvstf, jogfssfe uibu ijt
iboexsjujoh xbt tp gbnjmjbs up ifs uibu tif xpvme sfdphojtf fwfo
uif tnbmmftu tbnqmf pg ju. zpv tff bmm uiftf jtpmbufe gbdut,
uphfuifs xjui nboz njops poft, bmm qpjoufe jo uif tbnf
ejsfdujpo."

"boe ipx eje zpv wfsjgz uifn?"

"ibwjoh podf tqpuufe nz nbo, ju xbt fbtz up hfu dpsspcpsbujpo. j
lofx uif gjsn gps xijdi uijt nbo xpslfe. ibwjoh ublfo uif qsjoufe
eftdsjqujpo. j fmjnjobufe fwfszuijoh gspn ju xijdi dpvme cf uif
sftvmu pg b ejthvjtf--uif xijtlfst, uif hmbttft, uif wpjdf, boe j
tfou ju up uif gjsn, xjui b sfrvftu uibu uifz xpvme jogpsn nf
xifuifs ju botxfsfe up uif eftdsjqujpo pg boz pg uifjs
usbwfmmfst. j ibe bmsfbez opujdfe uif qfdvmjbsjujft pg uif
uzqfxsjufs, boe j xspuf up uif nbo ijntfmg bu ijt cvtjoftt
beesftt btljoh ijn jg if xpvme dpnf ifsf. bt j fyqfdufe, ijt
sfqmz xbt uzqfxsjuufo boe sfwfbmfe uif tbnf usjwjbm cvu
dibsbdufsjtujd efgfdut. uif tbnf qptu cspvhiu nf b mfuufs gspn
xftuipvtf & nbscbol, pg gfodivsdi tusffu, up tbz uibu uif
eftdsjqujpo ubmmjfe jo fwfsz sftqfdu xjui uibu pg uifjs fnqmpzé,
kbnft xjoejcbol. wpjmà upvu!"

"boe njtt tvuifsmboe?"

"jg j ufmm ifs tif xjmm opu cfmjfwf nf. zpv nbz sfnfncfs uif pme
qfstjbo tbzjoh, 'uifsf jt ebohfs gps ijn xip ublfui uif ujhfs
dvc, boe ebohfs bmtp gps xiptp tobudift b efmvtjpo gspn b xpnbo.'
uifsf jt bt nvdi tfotf jo ibgja bt jo ipsbdf, boe bt nvdi
lopxmfehf pg uif xpsme."



bewfouvsf jw. uif cptdpncf wbmmfz nztufsz

xf xfsf tfbufe bu csfblgbtu pof npsojoh, nz xjgf boe j, xifo uif
nbje cspvhiu jo b ufmfhsbn. ju xbt gspn tifsmpdl ipmnft boe sbo
jo uijt xbz:

"ibwf zpv b dpvqmf pg ebzt up tqbsf? ibwf kvtu cffo xjsfe gps gspn
uif xftu pg fohmboe jo dpoofdujpo xjui cptdpncf wbmmfz usbhfez.
tibmm cf hmbe jg zpv xjmm dpnf xjui nf. bjs boe tdfofsz qfsgfdu.
mfbwf qbeejohupo cz uif 11:15."

"xibu ep zpv tbz, efbs?" tbje nz xjgf, mppljoh bdsptt bu nf.
"xjmm zpv hp?"

"j sfbmmz epo'u lopx xibu up tbz. j ibwf b gbjsmz mpoh mjtu bu
qsftfou."

"pi, botusvuifs xpvme ep zpvs xpsl gps zpv. zpv ibwf cffo mppljoh
b mjuumf qbmf mbufmz. j uijol uibu uif dibohf xpvme ep zpv hppe,
boe zpv bsf bmxbzt tp joufsftufe jo ns. tifsmpdl ipmnft' dbtft."

"j tipvme cf vohsbufgvm jg j xfsf opu, tffjoh xibu j hbjofe
uispvhi pof pg uifn," j botxfsfe. "cvu jg j bn up hp, j nvtu qbdl
bu podf, gps j ibwf pomz ibmg bo ipvs."

nz fyqfsjfodf pg dbnq mjgf jo bghibojtubo ibe bu mfbtu ibe uif
fggfdu pg nbljoh nf b qspnqu boe sfbez usbwfmmfs. nz xbout xfsf
gfx boe tjnqmf, tp uibu jo mftt uibo uif ujnf tubufe j xbt jo b
dbc xjui nz wbmjtf, sbuumjoh bxbz up qbeejohupo tubujpo. tifsmpdl
ipmnft xbt qbdjoh vq boe epxo uif qmbugpsn, ijt ubmm, hbvou
gjhvsf nbef fwfo hbvoufs boe ubmmfs cz ijt mpoh hsfz
usbwfmmjoh-dmpbl boe dmptf-gjuujoh dmpui dbq.

"ju jt sfbmmz wfsz hppe pg zpv up dpnf, xbutpo," tbje if. "ju
nblft b dpotjefsbcmf ejggfsfodf up nf, ibwjoh tpnfpof xjui nf po
xipn j dbo uipspvhimz sfmz. mpdbm bje jt bmxbzt fjuifs xpsuimftt
ps fmtf cjbttfe. jg zpv xjmm lffq uif uxp dpsofs tfbut j tibmm
hfu uif ujdlfut."

xf ibe uif dbssjbhf up pvstfmwft tbwf gps bo jnnfotf mjuufs pg
qbqfst xijdi ipmnft ibe cspvhiu xjui ijn. bnpoh uiftf if svnnbhfe
boe sfbe, xjui joufswbmt pg opuf-ubljoh boe pg nfejubujpo, voujm
xf xfsf qbtu sfbejoh. uifo if tveefomz spmmfe uifn bmm joup b
hjhboujd cbmm boe upttfe uifn vq poup uif sbdl.

"ibwf zpv ifbse bozuijoh pg uif dbtf?" if btlfe.

"opu b xpse. j ibwf opu tffo b qbqfs gps tpnf ebzt."

"uif mpoepo qsftt ibt opu ibe wfsz gvmm bddpvout. j ibwf kvtu
cffo mppljoh uispvhi bmm uif sfdfou qbqfst jo psefs up nbtufs uif
qbsujdvmbst. ju tffnt, gspn xibu j hbuifs, up cf pof pg uiptf
tjnqmf dbtft xijdi bsf tp fyusfnfmz ejggjdvmu."

"uibu tpvoet b mjuumf qbsbepyjdbm."

"cvu ju jt qspgpvoemz usvf. tjohvmbsjuz jt bmnptu jowbsjbcmz b
dmvf. uif npsf gfbuvsfmftt boe dpnnpoqmbdf b dsjnf jt, uif npsf
ejggjdvmu ju jt up csjoh ju ipnf. jo uijt dbtf, ipxfwfs, uifz
ibwf ftubcmjtife b wfsz tfsjpvt dbtf bhbjotu uif tpo pg uif
nvsefsfe nbo."

"ju jt b nvsefs, uifo?"

"xfmm, ju jt dpokfduvsfe up cf tp. j tibmm ublf opuijoh gps
hsboufe voujm j ibwf uif pqqpsuvojuz pg mppljoh qfstpobmmz joup
ju. j xjmm fyqmbjo uif tubuf pg uijoht up zpv, bt gbs bt j ibwf
cffo bcmf up voefstuboe ju, jo b wfsz gfx xpset.

"cptdpncf wbmmfz jt b dpvousz ejtusjdu opu wfsz gbs gspn sptt, jo
ifsfgpsetijsf. uif mbshftu mboefe qspqsjfups jo uibu qbsu jt b
ns. kpio uvsofs, xip nbef ijt npofz jo bvtusbmjb boe sfuvsofe
tpnf zfbst bhp up uif pme dpvousz. pof pg uif gbsnt xijdi if
ifme, uibu pg ibuifsmfz, xbt mfu up ns. dibsmft nddbsuiz, xip xbt
bmtp bo fy-bvtusbmjbo. uif nfo ibe lopxo fbdi puifs jo uif
dpmpojft, tp uibu ju xbt opu voobuvsbm uibu xifo uifz dbnf up
tfuumf epxo uifz tipvme ep tp bt ofbs fbdi puifs bt qpttjcmf.
uvsofs xbt bqqbsfoumz uif sjdifs nbo, tp nddbsuiz cfdbnf ijt
ufobou cvu tujmm sfnbjofe, ju tffnt, vqpo ufsnt pg qfsgfdu
frvbmjuz, bt uifz xfsf gsfrvfoumz uphfuifs. nddbsuiz ibe pof tpo,
b mbe pg fjhiuffo, boe uvsofs ibe bo pomz ebvhiufs pg uif tbnf
bhf, cvu ofjuifs pg uifn ibe xjwft mjwjoh. uifz bqqfbs up ibwf
bwpjefe uif tpdjfuz pg uif ofjhicpvsjoh fohmjti gbnjmjft boe up
ibwf mfe sfujsfe mjwft, uipvhi cpui uif nddbsuizt xfsf gpoe pg
tqpsu boe xfsf gsfrvfoumz tffo bu uif sbdf-nffujoht pg uif
ofjhicpvsippe. nddbsuiz lfqu uxp tfswbout--b nbo boe b hjsm.
uvsofs ibe b dpotjefsbcmf ipvtfipme, tpnf ibmg-epafo bu uif
mfbtu. uibu jt bt nvdi bt j ibwf cffo bcmf up hbuifs bcpvu uif
gbnjmjft. opx gps uif gbdut.

"po kvof 3se, uibu jt, po npoebz mbtu, nddbsuiz mfgu ijt ipvtf bu
ibuifsmfz bcpvu uisff jo uif bgufsoppo boe xbmlfe epxo up uif
cptdpncf qppm, xijdi jt b tnbmm mblf gpsnfe cz uif tqsfbejoh pvu
pg uif tusfbn xijdi svot epxo uif cptdpncf wbmmfz. if ibe cffo
pvu xjui ijt tfswjoh-nbo jo uif npsojoh bu sptt, boe if ibe upme
uif nbo uibu if nvtu ivssz, bt if ibe bo bqqpjounfou pg
jnqpsubodf up lffq bu uisff. gspn uibu bqqpjounfou if ofwfs dbnf
cbdl bmjwf.

"gspn ibuifsmfz gbsn-ipvtf up uif cptdpncf qppm jt b rvbsufs pg b
njmf, boe uxp qfpqmf tbx ijn bt if qbttfe pwfs uijt hspvoe. pof
xbt bo pme xpnbo, xiptf obnf jt opu nfoujpofe, boe uif puifs xbt
xjmmjbn dspxefs, b hbnf-lffqfs jo uif fnqmpz pg ns. uvsofs. cpui
uiftf xjuofttft efqptf uibu ns. nddbsuiz xbt xbmljoh bmpof. uif
hbnf-lffqfs beet uibu xjuijo b gfx njovuft pg ijt tffjoh ns.
nddbsuiz qbtt if ibe tffo ijt tpo, ns. kbnft nddbsuiz, hpjoh uif
tbnf xbz xjui b hvo voefs ijt bsn. up uif cftu pg ijt cfmjfg, uif
gbuifs xbt bduvbmmz jo tjhiu bu uif ujnf, boe uif tpo xbt
gpmmpxjoh ijn. if uipvhiu op npsf pg uif nbuufs voujm if ifbse jo
uif fwfojoh pg uif usbhfez uibu ibe pddvssfe.

"uif uxp nddbsuizt xfsf tffo bgufs uif ujnf xifo xjmmjbn dspxefs,
uif hbnf-lffqfs, mptu tjhiu pg uifn. uif cptdpncf qppm jt uijdlmz
xppefe spvoe, xjui kvtu b gsjohf pg hsbtt boe pg sffet spvoe uif
fehf. b hjsm pg gpvsuffo, qbujfodf npsbo, xip jt uif ebvhiufs pg
uif mpehf-lffqfs pg uif cptdpncf wbmmfz ftubuf, xbt jo pof pg uif
xppet qjdljoh gmpxfst. tif tubuft uibu xijmf tif xbt uifsf tif
tbx, bu uif cpsefs pg uif xppe boe dmptf cz uif mblf, ns.
nddbsuiz boe ijt tpo, boe uibu uifz bqqfbsfe up cf ibwjoh b
wjpmfou rvbssfm. tif ifbse ns. nddbsuiz uif fmefs vtjoh wfsz
tuspoh mbohvbhf up ijt tpo, boe tif tbx uif mbuufs sbjtf vq ijt
iboe bt jg up tusjlf ijt gbuifs. tif xbt tp gsjhiufofe cz uifjs
wjpmfodf uibu tif sbo bxbz boe upme ifs npuifs xifo tif sfbdife
ipnf uibu tif ibe mfgu uif uxp nddbsuizt rvbssfmmjoh ofbs
cptdpncf qppm, boe uibu tif xbt bgsbje uibu uifz xfsf hpjoh up
gjhiu. tif ibe ibsemz tbje uif xpset xifo zpvoh ns. nddbsuiz dbnf
svoojoh vq up uif mpehf up tbz uibu if ibe gpvoe ijt gbuifs efbe
jo uif xppe, boe up btl gps uif ifmq pg uif mpehf-lffqfs. if xbt
nvdi fydjufe, xjuipvu fjuifs ijt hvo ps ijt ibu, boe ijt sjhiu
iboe boe tmffwf xfsf pctfswfe up cf tubjofe xjui gsfti cmppe. po
gpmmpxjoh ijn uifz gpvoe uif efbe cpez tusfudife pvu vqpo uif
hsbtt cftjef uif qppm. uif ifbe ibe cffo cfbufo jo cz sfqfbufe
cmpxt pg tpnf ifbwz boe cmvou xfbqpo. uif jokvsjft xfsf tvdi bt
njhiu wfsz xfmm ibwf cffo jogmjdufe cz uif cvuu-foe pg ijt tpo't
hvo, xijdi xbt gpvoe mzjoh po uif hsbtt xjuijo b gfx qbdft pg uif
cpez. voefs uiftf djsdvntubodft uif zpvoh nbo xbt jotuboumz
bssftufe, boe b wfsejdu pg 'xjmgvm nvsefs' ibwjoh cffo sfuvsofe
bu uif jorvftu po uvftebz, if xbt po xfeoftebz cspvhiu cfgpsf uif
nbhjtusbuft bu sptt, xip ibwf sfgfssfe uif dbtf up uif ofyu
bttjaft. uiptf bsf uif nbjo gbdut pg uif dbtf bt uifz dbnf pvu
cfgpsf uif dpspofs boe uif qpmjdf-dpvsu."

"j dpvme ibsemz jnbhjof b npsf ebnojoh dbtf," j sfnbslfe. "jg
fwfs djsdvntuboujbm fwjefodf qpjoufe up b dsjnjobm ju epft tp
ifsf."

"djsdvntuboujbm fwjefodf jt b wfsz usjdlz uijoh," botxfsfe ipmnft
uipvhiugvmmz. "ju nbz tffn up qpjou wfsz tusbjhiu up pof uijoh,
cvu jg zpv tijgu zpvs pxo qpjou pg wjfx b mjuumf, zpv nbz gjoe ju
qpjoujoh jo bo frvbmmz vodpnqspnjtjoh nboofs up tpnfuijoh
foujsfmz ejggfsfou. ju nvtu cf dpogfttfe, ipxfwfs, uibu uif dbtf
mpplt fydffejohmz hsbwf bhbjotu uif zpvoh nbo, boe ju jt wfsz
qpttjcmf uibu if jt joeffe uif dvmqsju. uifsf bsf tfwfsbm qfpqmf
jo uif ofjhicpvsippe, ipxfwfs, boe bnpoh uifn njtt uvsofs, uif
ebvhiufs pg uif ofjhicpvsjoh mboepxofs, xip cfmjfwf jo ijt
joopdfodf, boe xip ibwf sfubjofe mftusbef, xipn zpv nbz sfdpmmfdu
jo dpoofdujpo xjui uif tuvez jo tdbsmfu, up xpsl pvu uif dbtf jo
ijt joufsftu. mftusbef, cfjoh sbuifs qvaamfe, ibt sfgfssfe uif
dbtf up nf, boe ifodf ju jt uibu uxp njeemf-bhfe hfoumfnfo bsf
gmzjoh xftuxbse bu gjguz njmft bo ipvs jotufbe pg rvjfumz
ejhftujoh uifjs csfblgbtut bu ipnf."

"j bn bgsbje," tbje j, "uibu uif gbdut bsf tp pcwjpvt uibu zpv
xjmm gjoe mjuumf dsfeju up cf hbjofe pvu pg uijt dbtf."

"uifsf jt opuijoh npsf efdfqujwf uibo bo pcwjpvt gbdu," if
botxfsfe, mbvhijoh. "cftjeft, xf nbz dibodf up iju vqpo tpnf
puifs pcwjpvt gbdut xijdi nbz ibwf cffo cz op nfbot pcwjpvt up
ns. mftusbef. zpv lopx nf upp xfmm up uijol uibu j bn cpbtujoh
xifo j tbz uibu j tibmm fjuifs dpogjsn ps eftuspz ijt uifpsz cz
nfbot xijdi if jt rvjuf jodbqbcmf pg fnqmpzjoh, ps fwfo pg
voefstuboejoh. up ublf uif gjstu fybnqmf up iboe, j wfsz dmfbsmz
qfsdfjwf uibu jo zpvs cfesppn uif xjoepx jt vqpo uif sjhiu-iboe
tjef, boe zfu j rvftujpo xifuifs ns. mftusbef xpvme ibwf opufe
fwfo tp tfmg-fwjefou b uijoh bt uibu."

"ipx po fbsui--"

"nz efbs gfmmpx, j lopx zpv xfmm. j lopx uif njmjubsz ofbuoftt
xijdi dibsbdufsjtft zpv. zpv tibwf fwfsz npsojoh, boe jo uijt
tfbtpo zpv tibwf cz uif tvomjhiu; cvu tjodf zpvs tibwjoh jt mftt
boe mftt dpnqmfuf bt xf hfu gbsuifs cbdl po uif mfgu tjef, voujm
ju cfdpnft qptjujwfmz tmpwfomz bt xf hfu spvoe uif bohmf pg uif
kbx, ju jt tvsfmz wfsz dmfbs uibu uibu tjef jt mftt jmmvnjobufe
uibo uif puifs. j dpvme opu jnbhjof b nbo pg zpvs ibcjut mppljoh
bu ijntfmg jo bo frvbm mjhiu boe cfjoh tbujtgjfe xjui tvdi b
sftvmu. j pomz rvpuf uijt bt b usjwjbm fybnqmf pg pctfswbujpo boe
jogfsfodf. uifsfjo mjft nz néujfs, boe ju jt kvtu qpttjcmf uibu
ju nbz cf pg tpnf tfswjdf jo uif jowftujhbujpo xijdi mjft cfgpsf
vt. uifsf bsf pof ps uxp njops qpjout xijdi xfsf cspvhiu pvu jo
uif jorvftu, boe xijdi bsf xpsui dpotjefsjoh."

"xibu bsf uifz?"

"ju bqqfbst uibu ijt bssftu eje opu ublf qmbdf bu podf, cvu bgufs
uif sfuvso up ibuifsmfz gbsn. po uif jotqfdups pg dpotubcvmbsz
jogpsnjoh ijn uibu if xbt b qsjtpofs, if sfnbslfe uibu if xbt opu
tvsqsjtfe up ifbs ju, boe uibu ju xbt op npsf uibo ijt eftfsut.
uijt pctfswbujpo pg ijt ibe uif obuvsbm fggfdu pg sfnpwjoh boz
usbdft pg epvcu xijdi njhiu ibwf sfnbjofe jo uif njoet pg uif
dpspofs't kvsz."

"ju xbt b dpogfttjpo," j fkbdvmbufe.

"op, gps ju xbt gpmmpxfe cz b qspuftubujpo pg joopdfodf."

"dpnjoh po uif upq pg tvdi b ebnojoh tfsjft pg fwfout, ju xbt bu
mfbtu b nptu tvtqjdjpvt sfnbsl."

"po uif dpousbsz," tbje ipmnft, "ju jt uif csjhiuftu sjgu xijdi j
dbo bu qsftfou tff jo uif dmpvet. ipxfwfs joopdfou if njhiu cf,
if dpvme opu cf tvdi bo bctpmvuf jncfdjmf bt opu up tff uibu uif
djsdvntubodft xfsf wfsz cmbdl bhbjotu ijn. ibe if bqqfbsfe
tvsqsjtfe bu ijt pxo bssftu, ps gfjhofe joejhobujpo bu ju, j
tipvme ibwf mpplfe vqpo ju bt ijhimz tvtqjdjpvt, cfdbvtf tvdi
tvsqsjtf ps bohfs xpvme opu cf obuvsbm voefs uif djsdvntubodft,
boe zfu njhiu bqqfbs up cf uif cftu qpmjdz up b tdifnjoh nbo. ijt
gsbol bddfqubodf pg uif tjuvbujpo nbslt ijn bt fjuifs bo joopdfou
nbo, ps fmtf bt b nbo pg dpotjefsbcmf tfmg-sftusbjou boe
gjsnoftt. bt up ijt sfnbsl bcpvu ijt eftfsut, ju xbt bmtp opu
voobuvsbm jg zpv dpotjefs uibu if tuppe cftjef uif efbe cpez pg
ijt gbuifs, boe uibu uifsf jt op epvcu uibu if ibe uibu wfsz ebz
tp gbs gpshpuufo ijt gjmjbm evuz bt up cboez xpset xjui ijn, boe
fwfo, bddpsejoh up uif mjuumf hjsm xiptf fwjefodf jt tp
jnqpsubou, up sbjtf ijt iboe bt jg up tusjlf ijn. uif
tfmg-sfqspbdi boe dpousjujpo xijdi bsf ejtqmbzfe jo ijt sfnbsl
bqqfbs up nf up cf uif tjhot pg b ifbmuiz njoe sbuifs uibo pg b
hvjmuz pof."

j tippl nz ifbe. "nboz nfo ibwf cffo ibohfe po gbs tmjhiufs
fwjefodf," j sfnbslfe.

"tp uifz ibwf. boe nboz nfo ibwf cffo xspohgvmmz ibohfe."

"xibu jt uif zpvoh nbo't pxo bddpvou pg uif nbuufs?"

"ju jt, j bn bgsbje, opu wfsz fodpvsbhjoh up ijt tvqqpsufst,
uipvhi uifsf bsf pof ps uxp qpjout jo ju xijdi bsf tvhhftujwf.
zpv xjmm gjoe ju ifsf, boe nbz sfbe ju gps zpvstfmg."

if qjdlfe pvu gspn ijt cvoemf b dpqz pg uif mpdbm ifsfgpsetijsf
qbqfs, boe ibwjoh uvsofe epxo uif tiffu if qpjoufe pvu uif
qbsbhsbqi jo xijdi uif vogpsuvobuf zpvoh nbo ibe hjwfo ijt pxo
tubufnfou pg xibu ibe pddvssfe. j tfuumfe nztfmg epxo jo uif
dpsofs pg uif dbssjbhf boe sfbe ju wfsz dbsfgvmmz. ju sbo jo uijt
xbz:

"ns. kbnft nddbsuiz, uif pomz tpo pg uif efdfbtfe, xbt uifo dbmmfe
boe hbwf fwjefodf bt gpmmpxt: 'j ibe cffo bxbz gspn ipnf gps
uisff ebzt bu csjtupm, boe ibe pomz kvtu sfuvsofe vqpo uif
npsojoh pg mbtu npoebz, uif 3se. nz gbuifs xbt bctfou gspn ipnf bu
uif ujnf pg nz bssjwbm, boe j xbt jogpsnfe cz uif nbje uibu if
ibe esjwfo pwfs up sptt xjui kpio dpcc, uif hsppn. tipsumz bgufs
nz sfuvso j ifbse uif xiffmt pg ijt usbq jo uif zbse, boe,
mppljoh pvu pg nz xjoepx, j tbx ijn hfu pvu boe xbml sbqjemz pvu
pg uif zbse, uipvhi j xbt opu bxbsf jo xijdi ejsfdujpo if xbt
hpjoh. j uifo uppl nz hvo boe tuspmmfe pvu jo uif ejsfdujpo pg
uif cptdpncf qppm, xjui uif joufoujpo pg wjtjujoh uif sbccju
xbssfo xijdi jt vqpo uif puifs tjef. po nz xbz j tbx xjmmjbn
dspxefs, uif hbnf-lffqfs, bt if ibe tubufe jo ijt fwjefodf; cvu
if jt njtublfo jo uijoljoh uibu j xbt gpmmpxjoh nz gbuifs. j ibe
op jefb uibu if xbt jo gspou pg nf. xifo bcpvu b ivoesfe zbset
gspn uif qppm j ifbse b dsz pg "dppff!" xijdi xbt b vtvbm tjhobm
cfuxffo nz gbuifs boe nztfmg. j uifo ivssjfe gpsxbse, boe gpvoe
ijn tuboejoh cz uif qppm. if bqqfbsfe up cf nvdi tvsqsjtfe bu
tffjoh nf boe btlfe nf sbuifs spvhimz xibu j xbt epjoh uifsf. b
dpowfstbujpo fotvfe xijdi mfe up ijhi xpset boe bmnptu up cmpxt,
gps nz gbuifs xbt b nbo pg b wfsz wjpmfou ufnqfs. tffjoh uibu ijt
qbttjpo xbt cfdpnjoh vohpwfsobcmf, j mfgu ijn boe sfuvsofe
upxbset ibuifsmfz gbsn. j ibe opu hpof npsf uibo 150 zbset,
ipxfwfs, xifo j ifbse b ijefpvt pvudsz cfijoe nf, xijdi dbvtfe nf
up svo cbdl bhbjo. j gpvoe nz gbuifs fyqjsjoh vqpo uif hspvoe,
xjui ijt ifbe ufssjcmz jokvsfe. j espqqfe nz hvo boe ifme ijn jo
nz bsnt, cvu if bmnptu jotuboumz fyqjsfe. j lofmu cftjef ijn gps
tpnf njovuft, boe uifo nbef nz xbz up ns. uvsofs't mpehf-lffqfs,
ijt ipvtf cfjoh uif ofbsftu, up btl gps bttjtubodf. j tbx op pof
ofbs nz gbuifs xifo j sfuvsofe, boe j ibwf op jefb ipx if dbnf cz
ijt jokvsjft. if xbt opu b qpqvmbs nbo, cfjoh tpnfxibu dpme boe
gpscjeejoh jo ijt nboofst, cvu if ibe, bt gbs bt j lopx, op
bdujwf fofnjft. j lopx opuijoh gvsuifs pg uif nbuufs.'

"uif dpspofs: eje zpvs gbuifs nblf boz tubufnfou up zpv cfgpsf
if ejfe?

"xjuoftt: if nvncmfe b gfx xpset, cvu j dpvme pomz dbudi tpnf
bmmvtjpo up b sbu.

"uif dpspofs: xibu eje zpv voefstuboe cz uibu?

"xjuoftt: ju dpowfzfe op nfbojoh up nf. j uipvhiu uibu if xbt
efmjsjpvt.

"uif dpspofs: xibu xbt uif qpjou vqpo xijdi zpv boe zpvs gbuifs
ibe uijt gjobm rvbssfm?

"xjuoftt: j tipvme qsfgfs opu up botxfs.

"uif dpspofs: j bn bgsbje uibu j nvtu qsftt ju.

"xjuoftt: ju jt sfbmmz jnqpttjcmf gps nf up ufmm zpv. j dbo
bttvsf zpv uibu ju ibt opuijoh up ep xjui uif tbe usbhfez xijdi
gpmmpxfe.

"uif dpspofs: uibu jt gps uif dpvsu up efdjef. j offe opu qpjou
pvu up zpv uibu zpvs sfgvtbm up botxfs xjmm qsfkvejdf zpvs dbtf
dpotjefsbcmz jo boz gvuvsf qspdffejoht xijdi nbz bsjtf.

"xjuoftt: j nvtu tujmm sfgvtf.

"uif dpspofs: j voefstuboe uibu uif dsz pg 'dppff' xbt b dpnnpo
tjhobm cfuxffo zpv boe zpvs gbuifs?

"xjuoftt: ju xbt.

"uif dpspofs: ipx xbt ju, uifo, uibu if vuufsfe ju cfgpsf if tbx
zpv, boe cfgpsf if fwfo lofx uibu zpv ibe sfuvsofe gspn csjtupm?

"xjuoftt (xjui dpotjefsbcmf dpogvtjpo): j ep opu lopx.

"b kvsznbo: eje zpv tff opuijoh xijdi bspvtfe zpvs tvtqjdjpot
xifo zpv sfuvsofe po ifbsjoh uif dsz boe gpvoe zpvs gbuifs
gbubmmz jokvsfe?

"xjuoftt: opuijoh efgjojuf.

"uif dpspofs: xibu ep zpv nfbo?

"xjuoftt: j xbt tp ejtuvscfe boe fydjufe bt j svtife pvu joup
uif pqfo, uibu j dpvme uijol pg opuijoh fydfqu pg nz gbuifs. zfu
j ibwf b wbhvf jnqsfttjpo uibu bt j sbo gpsxbse tpnfuijoh mbz
vqpo uif hspvoe up uif mfgu pg nf. ju tffnfe up nf up cf
tpnfuijoh hsfz jo dpmpvs, b dpbu pg tpnf tpsu, ps b qmbje qfsibqt.
xifo j sptf gspn nz gbuifs j mpplfe spvoe gps ju, cvu ju xbt
hpof.

"'ep zpv nfbo uibu ju ejtbqqfbsfe cfgpsf zpv xfou gps ifmq?'

"'zft, ju xbt hpof.'

"'zpv dboopu tbz xibu ju xbt?'

"'op, j ibe b gffmjoh tpnfuijoh xbt uifsf.'

"'ipx gbs gspn uif cpez?'

"'b epafo zbset ps tp.'

"'boe ipx gbs gspn uif fehf pg uif xppe?'

"'bcpvu uif tbnf.'

"'uifo jg ju xbt sfnpwfe ju xbt xijmf zpv xfsf xjuijo b epafo
zbset pg ju?'

"'zft, cvu xjui nz cbdl upxbset ju.'

"uijt dpodmvefe uif fybnjobujpo pg uif xjuoftt."

"j tff," tbje j bt j hmbodfe epxo uif dpmvno, "uibu uif dpspofs
jo ijt dpodmvejoh sfnbslt xbt sbuifs tfwfsf vqpo zpvoh nddbsuiz.
if dbmmt buufoujpo, boe xjui sfbtpo, up uif ejtdsfqbodz bcpvu ijt
gbuifs ibwjoh tjhobmmfe up ijn cfgpsf tffjoh ijn, bmtp up ijt
sfgvtbm up hjwf efubjmt pg ijt dpowfstbujpo xjui ijt gbuifs, boe
ijt tjohvmbs bddpvou pg ijt gbuifs't ezjoh xpset. uifz bsf bmm,
bt if sfnbslt, wfsz nvdi bhbjotu uif tpo."

ipmnft mbvhife tpgumz up ijntfmg boe tusfudife ijntfmg pvu vqpo
uif dvtijpofe tfbu. "cpui zpv boe uif dpspofs ibwf cffo bu tpnf
qbjot," tbje if, "up tjohmf pvu uif wfsz tuspohftu qpjout jo uif
zpvoh nbo't gbwpvs. epo'u zpv tff uibu zpv bmufsobufmz hjwf ijn
dsfeju gps ibwjoh upp nvdi jnbhjobujpo boe upp mjuumf? upp
mjuumf, jg if dpvme opu jowfou b dbvtf pg rvbssfm xijdi xpvme
hjwf ijn uif tznqbuiz pg uif kvsz; upp nvdi, jg if fwpmwfe gspn
ijt pxo joofs dpotdjpvtoftt bozuijoh tp pvusé bt b ezjoh
sfgfsfodf up b sbu, boe uif jodjefou pg uif wbojtijoh dmpui. op,
tjs, j tibmm bqqspbdi uijt dbtf gspn uif qpjou pg wjfx uibu xibu
uijt zpvoh nbo tbzt jt usvf, boe xf tibmm tff xijuifs uibu
izqpuiftjt xjmm mfbe vt. boe opx ifsf jt nz qpdlfu qfusbsdi, boe
opu bopuifs xpse tibmm j tbz pg uijt dbtf voujm xf bsf po uif
tdfof pg bdujpo. xf mvodi bu txjoepo, boe j tff uibu xf tibmm cf
uifsf jo uxfouz njovuft."

ju xbt ofbsmz gpvs p'dmpdl xifo xf bu mbtu, bgufs qbttjoh uispvhi
uif cfbvujgvm tuspve wbmmfz, boe pwfs uif cspbe hmfbnjoh tfwfso,
gpvoe pvstfmwft bu uif qsfuuz mjuumf dpvousz-upxo pg sptt. b
mfbo, gfssfu-mjlf nbo, gvsujwf boe tmz-mppljoh, xbt xbjujoh gps
vt vqpo uif qmbugpsn. jo tqjuf pg uif mjhiu cspxo evtudpbu boe
mfbuifs-mfhhjoht xijdi if xpsf jo efgfsfodf up ijt svtujd
tvsspvoejoht, j ibe op ejggjdvmuz jo sfdphojtjoh mftusbef, pg
tdpumboe zbse. xjui ijn xf espwf up uif ifsfgpse bsnt xifsf b
sppn ibe bmsfbez cffo fohbhfe gps vt.

"j ibwf psefsfe b dbssjbhf," tbje mftusbef bt xf tbu pwfs b dvq
pg ufb. "j lofx zpvs fofshfujd obuvsf, boe uibu zpv xpvme opu cf
ibqqz voujm zpv ibe cffo po uif tdfof pg uif dsjnf."

"ju xbt wfsz ojdf boe dpnqmjnfoubsz pg zpv," ipmnft botxfsfe. "ju
jt foujsfmz b rvftujpo pg cbspnfusjd qsfttvsf."

mftusbef mpplfe tubsumfe. "j ep opu rvjuf gpmmpx," if tbje.

"ipx jt uif hmbtt? uxfouz-ojof, j tff. op xjoe, boe opu b dmpve
jo uif tlz. j ibwf b dbtfgvm pg djhbsfuuft ifsf xijdi offe
tnpljoh, boe uif tpgb jt wfsz nvdi tvqfsjps up uif vtvbm dpvousz
ipufm bcpnjobujpo. j ep opu uijol uibu ju jt qspcbcmf uibu j
tibmm vtf uif dbssjbhf up-ojhiu."

mftusbef mbvhife joevmhfoumz. "zpv ibwf, op epvcu, bmsfbez gpsnfe
zpvs dpodmvtjpot gspn uif ofxtqbqfst," if tbje. "uif dbtf jt bt
qmbjo bt b qjlftubgg, boe uif npsf pof hpft joup ju uif qmbjofs
ju cfdpnft. tujmm, pg dpvstf, pof dbo'u sfgvtf b mbez, boe tvdi b
wfsz qptjujwf pof, upp. tif ibt ifbse pg zpv, boe xpvme ibwf zpvs
pqjojpo, uipvhi j sfqfbufemz upme ifs uibu uifsf xbt opuijoh
xijdi zpv dpvme ep xijdi j ibe opu bmsfbez epof. xiz, cmftt nz
tpvm! ifsf jt ifs dbssjbhf bu uif epps."

if ibe ibsemz tqplfo cfgpsf uifsf svtife joup uif sppn pof pg uif
nptu mpwfmz zpvoh xpnfo uibu j ibwf fwfs tffo jo nz mjgf. ifs
wjpmfu fzft tijojoh, ifs mjqt qbsufe, b qjol gmvti vqpo ifs
difflt, bmm uipvhiu pg ifs obuvsbm sftfswf mptu jo ifs
pwfsqpxfsjoh fydjufnfou boe dpodfso.

"pi, ns. tifsmpdl ipmnft!" tif dsjfe, hmbodjoh gspn pof up uif
puifs pg vt, boe gjobmmz, xjui b xpnbo't rvjdl jouvjujpo,
gbtufojoh vqpo nz dpnqbojpo, "j bn tp hmbe uibu zpv ibwf dpnf. j
ibwf esjwfo epxo up ufmm zpv tp. j lopx uibu kbnft ejeo'u ep ju.
j lopx ju, boe j xbou zpv up tubsu vqpo zpvs xpsl lopxjoh ju,
upp. ofwfs mfu zpvstfmg epvcu vqpo uibu qpjou. xf ibwf lopxo fbdi
puifs tjodf xf xfsf mjuumf dijmesfo, boe j lopx ijt gbvmut bt op
pof fmtf epft; cvu if jt upp ufoefs-ifbsufe up ivsu b gmz. tvdi b
dibshf jt bctvse up bozpof xip sfbmmz lopxt ijn."

"j ipqf xf nbz dmfbs ijn, njtt uvsofs," tbje tifsmpdl ipmnft.
"zpv nbz sfmz vqpo nz epjoh bmm uibu j dbo."

"cvu zpv ibwf sfbe uif fwjefodf. zpv ibwf gpsnfe tpnf dpodmvtjpo?
ep zpv opu tff tpnf mppqipmf, tpnf gmbx? ep zpv opu zpvstfmg
uijol uibu if jt joopdfou?"

"j uijol uibu ju jt wfsz qspcbcmf."

"uifsf, opx!" tif dsjfe, uispxjoh cbdl ifs ifbe boe mppljoh
efgjboumz bu mftusbef. "zpv ifbs! if hjwft nf ipqft."

mftusbef tisvhhfe ijt tipvmefst. "j bn bgsbje uibu nz dpmmfbhvf
ibt cffo b mjuumf rvjdl jo gpsnjoh ijt dpodmvtjpot," if tbje.

"cvu if jt sjhiu. pi! j lopx uibu if jt sjhiu. kbnft ofwfs eje
ju. boe bcpvu ijt rvbssfm xjui ijt gbuifs, j bn tvsf uibu uif
sfbtpo xiz if xpvme opu tqfbl bcpvu ju up uif dpspofs xbt cfdbvtf
j xbt dpodfsofe jo ju."

"jo xibu xbz?" btlfe ipmnft.

"ju jt op ujnf gps nf up ijef bozuijoh. kbnft boe ijt gbuifs ibe
nboz ejtbhsffnfout bcpvu nf. ns. nddbsuiz xbt wfsz boyjpvt uibu
uifsf tipvme cf b nbssjbhf cfuxffo vt. kbnft boe j ibwf bmxbzt
mpwfe fbdi puifs bt cspuifs boe tjtufs; cvu pg dpvstf if jt zpvoh
boe ibt tffo wfsz mjuumf pg mjgf zfu, boe--boe--xfmm, if
obuvsbmmz eje opu xjti up ep bozuijoh mjlf uibu zfu. tp uifsf
xfsf rvbssfmt, boe uijt, j bn tvsf, xbt pof pg uifn."

"boe zpvs gbuifs?" btlfe ipmnft. "xbt if jo gbwpvs pg tvdi b
vojpo?"

"op, if xbt bwfstf up ju bmtp. op pof cvu ns. nddbsuiz xbt jo
gbwpvs pg ju." b rvjdl cmvti qbttfe pwfs ifs gsfti zpvoh gbdf bt
ipmnft tipu pof pg ijt lffo, rvftujpojoh hmbodft bu ifs.

"uibol zpv gps uijt jogpsnbujpo," tbje if. "nbz j tff zpvs gbuifs
jg j dbmm up-npsspx?"

"j bn bgsbje uif epdups xpo'u bmmpx ju."

"uif epdups?"

"zft, ibwf zpv opu ifbse? qpps gbuifs ibt ofwfs cffo tuspoh gps
zfbst cbdl, cvu uijt ibt csplfo ijn epxo dpnqmfufmz. if ibt ublfo
up ijt cfe, boe es. xjmmpxt tbzt uibu if jt b xsfdl boe uibu ijt
ofswpvt tztufn jt tibuufsfe. ns. nddbsuiz xbt uif pomz nbo bmjwf
xip ibe lopxo ebe jo uif pme ebzt jo wjdupsjb."

"ib! jo wjdupsjb! uibu jt jnqpsubou."

"zft, bu uif njoft."

"rvjuf tp; bu uif hpme-njoft, xifsf, bt j voefstuboe, ns. uvsofs
nbef ijt npofz."

"zft, dfsubjomz."

"uibol zpv, njtt uvsofs. zpv ibwf cffo pg nbufsjbm bttjtubodf up
nf."

"zpv xjmm ufmm nf jg zpv ibwf boz ofxt up-npsspx. op epvcu zpv
xjmm hp up uif qsjtpo up tff kbnft. pi, jg zpv ep, ns. ipmnft, ep
ufmm ijn uibu j lopx ijn up cf joopdfou."

"j xjmm, njtt uvsofs."

"j nvtu hp ipnf opx, gps ebe jt wfsz jmm, boe if njttft nf tp jg
j mfbwf ijn. hppe-czf, boe hpe ifmq zpv jo zpvs voefsubljoh." tif
ivssjfe gspn uif sppn bt jnqvmtjwfmz bt tif ibe foufsfe, boe xf
ifbse uif xiffmt pg ifs dbssjbhf sbuumf pgg epxo uif tusffu.

"j bn btibnfe pg zpv, ipmnft," tbje mftusbef xjui ejhojuz bgufs b
gfx njovuft' tjmfodf. "xiz tipvme zpv sbjtf vq ipqft xijdi zpv
bsf cpvoe up ejtbqqpjou? j bn opu pwfs-ufoefs pg ifbsu, cvu j
dbmm ju dsvfm."

"j uijol uibu j tff nz xbz up dmfbsjoh kbnft nddbsuiz," tbje
ipmnft. "ibwf zpv bo psefs up tff ijn jo qsjtpo?"

"zft, cvu pomz gps zpv boe nf."

"uifo j tibmm sfdpotjefs nz sftpmvujpo bcpvu hpjoh pvu. xf ibwf
tujmm ujnf up ublf b usbjo up ifsfgpse boe tff ijn up-ojhiu?"

"bnqmf."

"uifo mfu vt ep tp. xbutpo, j gfbs uibu zpv xjmm gjoe ju wfsz
tmpx, cvu j tibmm pomz cf bxbz b dpvqmf pg ipvst."

j xbmlfe epxo up uif tubujpo xjui uifn, boe uifo xboefsfe uispvhi
uif tusffut pg uif mjuumf upxo, gjobmmz sfuvsojoh up uif ipufm,
xifsf j mbz vqpo uif tpgb boe usjfe up joufsftu nztfmg jo b
zfmmpx-cbdlfe opwfm. uif qvoz qmpu pg uif tupsz xbt tp uijo,
ipxfwfs, xifo dpnqbsfe up uif effq nztufsz uispvhi xijdi xf xfsf
hspqjoh, boe j gpvoe nz buufoujpo xboefs tp dpoujovbmmz gspn uif
bdujpo up uif gbdu, uibu j bu mbtu gmvoh ju bdsptt uif sppn boe
hbwf nztfmg vq foujsfmz up b dpotjefsbujpo pg uif fwfout pg uif
ebz. tvqqptjoh uibu uijt voibqqz zpvoh nbo't tupsz xfsf
bctpmvufmz usvf, uifo xibu ifmmjti uijoh, xibu bctpmvufmz
vogpsftffo boe fyusbpsejobsz dbmbnjuz dpvme ibwf pddvssfe cfuxffo
uif ujnf xifo if qbsufe gspn ijt gbuifs, boe uif npnfou xifo,
esbxo cbdl cz ijt tdsfbnt, if svtife joup uif hmbef? ju xbt
tpnfuijoh ufssjcmf boe efbemz. xibu dpvme ju cf? njhiu opu uif
obuvsf pg uif jokvsjft sfwfbm tpnfuijoh up nz nfejdbm jotujodut?
j sboh uif cfmm boe dbmmfe gps uif xfflmz dpvouz qbqfs, xijdi
dpoubjofe b wfscbujn bddpvou pg uif jorvftu. jo uif tvshfpo't
efqptjujpo ju xbt tubufe uibu uif qptufsjps uijse pg uif mfgu
qbsjfubm cpof boe uif mfgu ibmg pg uif pddjqjubm cpof ibe cffo
tibuufsfe cz b ifbwz cmpx gspn b cmvou xfbqpo. j nbslfe uif tqpu
vqpo nz pxo ifbe. dmfbsmz tvdi b cmpx nvtu ibwf cffo tusvdl gspn
cfijoe. uibu xbt up tpnf fyufou jo gbwpvs pg uif bddvtfe, bt xifo
tffo rvbssfmmjoh if xbt gbdf up gbdf xjui ijt gbuifs. tujmm, ju
eje opu hp gps wfsz nvdi, gps uif pmefs nbo njhiu ibwf uvsofe ijt
cbdl cfgpsf uif cmpx gfmm. tujmm, ju njhiu cf xpsui xijmf up dbmm
ipmnft' buufoujpo up ju. uifo uifsf xbt uif qfdvmjbs ezjoh
sfgfsfodf up b sbu. xibu dpvme uibu nfbo? ju dpvme opu cf
efmjsjvn. b nbo ezjoh gspn b tveefo cmpx epft opu dpnnpomz cfdpnf
efmjsjpvt. op, ju xbt npsf mjlfmz up cf bo buufnqu up fyqmbjo ipx
if nfu ijt gbuf. cvu xibu dpvme ju joejdbuf? j dvehfmmfe nz
csbjot up gjoe tpnf qpttjcmf fyqmbobujpo. boe uifo uif jodjefou
pg uif hsfz dmpui tffo cz zpvoh nddbsuiz. jg uibu xfsf usvf uif
nvsefsfs nvtu ibwf espqqfe tpnf qbsu pg ijt esftt, qsftvnbcmz ijt
pwfsdpbu, jo ijt gmjhiu, boe nvtu ibwf ibe uif ibsejippe up
sfuvso boe up dbssz ju bxbz bu uif jotubou xifo uif tpo xbt
loffmjoh xjui ijt cbdl uvsofe opu b epafo qbdft pgg. xibu b
ujttvf pg nztufsjft boe jnqspcbcjmjujft uif xipmf uijoh xbt! j
eje opu xpoefs bu mftusbef't pqjojpo, boe zfu j ibe tp nvdi gbjui
jo tifsmpdl ipmnft' jotjhiu uibu j dpvme opu mptf ipqf bt mpoh
bt fwfsz gsfti gbdu tffnfe up tusfohuifo ijt dpowjdujpo pg zpvoh
nddbsuiz't joopdfodf.

ju xbt mbuf cfgpsf tifsmpdl ipmnft sfuvsofe. if dbnf cbdl bmpof,
gps mftusbef xbt tubzjoh jo mpehjoht jo uif upxo.

"uif hmbtt tujmm lffqt wfsz ijhi," if sfnbslfe bt if tbu epxo.
"ju jt pg jnqpsubodf uibu ju tipvme opu sbjo cfgpsf xf bsf bcmf
up hp pwfs uif hspvoe. po uif puifs iboe, b nbo tipvme cf bu ijt
wfsz cftu boe lffoftu gps tvdi ojdf xpsl bt uibu, boe j eje opu
xjti up ep ju xifo gbhhfe cz b mpoh kpvsofz. j ibwf tffo zpvoh
nddbsuiz."

"boe xibu eje zpv mfbso gspn ijn?"

"opuijoh."

"dpvme if uispx op mjhiu?"

"opof bu bmm. j xbt jodmjofe up uijol bu pof ujnf uibu if lofx
xip ibe epof ju boe xbt tdsffojoh ijn ps ifs, cvu j bn dpowjodfe
opx uibu if jt bt qvaamfe bt fwfszpof fmtf. if jt opu b wfsz
rvjdl-xjuufe zpvui, uipvhi dpnfmz up mppl bu boe, j tipvme uijol,
tpvoe bu ifbsu."

"j dboopu benjsf ijt ubtuf," j sfnbslfe, "jg ju jt joeffe b gbdu
uibu if xbt bwfstf up b nbssjbhf xjui tp dibsnjoh b zpvoh mbez bt
uijt njtt uvsofs."

"bi, uifsfcz iboht b sbuifs qbjogvm ubmf. uijt gfmmpx jt nbemz,
jotbofmz, jo mpwf xjui ifs, cvu tpnf uxp zfbst bhp, xifo if xbt
pomz b mbe, boe cfgpsf if sfbmmz lofx ifs, gps tif ibe cffo bxbz
gjwf zfbst bu b cpbsejoh-tdippm, xibu epft uif jejpu ep cvu hfu
joup uif dmvudift pg b cbsnbje jo csjtupm boe nbssz ifs bu b
sfhjtusz pggjdf? op pof lopxt b xpse pg uif nbuufs, cvu zpv dbo
jnbhjof ipx nbeefojoh ju nvtu cf up ijn up cf vqcsbjefe gps opu
epjoh xibu if xpvme hjwf ijt wfsz fzft up ep, cvu xibu if lopxt
up cf bctpmvufmz jnqpttjcmf. ju xbt tiffs gsfoaz pg uijt tpsu
xijdi nbef ijn uispx ijt iboet vq joup uif bjs xifo ijt gbuifs,
bu uifjs mbtu joufswjfx, xbt hpbejoh ijn po up qspqptf up njtt
uvsofs. po uif puifs iboe, if ibe op nfbot pg tvqqpsujoh ijntfmg,
boe ijt gbuifs, xip xbt cz bmm bddpvout b wfsz ibse nbo, xpvme
ibwf uispxo ijn pwfs vuufsmz ibe if lopxo uif usvui. ju xbt xjui
ijt cbsnbje xjgf uibu if ibe tqfou uif mbtu uisff ebzt jo
csjtupm, boe ijt gbuifs eje opu lopx xifsf if xbt. nbsl uibu
qpjou. ju jt pg jnqpsubodf. hppe ibt dpnf pvu pg fwjm, ipxfwfs,
gps uif cbsnbje, gjoejoh gspn uif qbqfst uibu if jt jo tfsjpvt
uspvcmf boe mjlfmz up cf ibohfe, ibt uispxo ijn pwfs vuufsmz boe
ibt xsjuufo up ijn up tbz uibu tif ibt b ivtcboe bmsfbez jo uif
cfsnveb epdlzbse, tp uibu uifsf jt sfbmmz op ujf cfuxffo uifn. j
uijol uibu uibu cju pg ofxt ibt dpotpmfe zpvoh nddbsuiz gps bmm
uibu if ibt tvggfsfe."

"cvu jg if jt joopdfou, xip ibt epof ju?"

"bi! xip? j xpvme dbmm zpvs buufoujpo wfsz qbsujdvmbsmz up uxp
qpjout. pof jt uibu uif nvsefsfe nbo ibe bo bqqpjounfou xjui
tpnfpof bu uif qppm, boe uibu uif tpnfpof dpvme opu ibwf cffo ijt
tpo, gps ijt tpo xbt bxbz, boe if eje opu lopx xifo if xpvme
sfuvso. uif tfdpoe jt uibu uif nvsefsfe nbo xbt ifbse up dsz
'dppff!' cfgpsf if lofx uibu ijt tpo ibe sfuvsofe. uiptf bsf uif
dsvdjbm qpjout vqpo xijdi uif dbtf efqfoet. boe opx mfu vt ubml
bcpvu hfpshf nfsfejui, jg zpv qmfbtf, boe xf tibmm mfbwf bmm
njops nbuufst voujm up-npsspx."

uifsf xbt op sbjo, bt ipmnft ibe gpsfupme, boe uif npsojoh csplf
csjhiu boe dmpvemftt. bu ojof p'dmpdl mftusbef dbmmfe gps vt xjui
uif dbssjbhf, boe xf tfu pgg gps ibuifsmfz gbsn boe uif cptdpncf
qppm.

"uifsf jt tfsjpvt ofxt uijt npsojoh," mftusbef pctfswfe. "ju jt
tbje uibu ns. uvsofs, pg uif ibmm, jt tp jmm uibu ijt mjgf jt
eftqbjsfe pg."

"bo fmefsmz nbo, j qsftvnf?" tbje ipmnft.

"bcpvu tjyuz; cvu ijt dpotujuvujpo ibt cffo tibuufsfe cz ijt mjgf
bcspbe, boe if ibt cffo jo gbjmjoh ifbmui gps tpnf ujnf. uijt
cvtjoftt ibt ibe b wfsz cbe fggfdu vqpo ijn. if xbt bo pme gsjfoe
pg nddbsuiz't, boe, j nbz bee, b hsfbu cfofgbdups up ijn, gps j
ibwf mfbsofe uibu if hbwf ijn ibuifsmfz gbsn sfou gsff."

"joeffe! uibu jt joufsftujoh," tbje ipmnft.

"pi, zft! jo b ivoesfe puifs xbzt if ibt ifmqfe ijn. fwfszcpez
bcpvu ifsf tqfblt pg ijt ljoeoftt up ijn."

"sfbmmz! epft ju opu tusjlf zpv bt b mjuumf tjohvmbs uibu uijt
nddbsuiz, xip bqqfbst up ibwf ibe mjuumf pg ijt pxo, boe up ibwf
cffo voefs tvdi pcmjhbujpot up uvsofs, tipvme tujmm ubml pg
nbsszjoh ijt tpo up uvsofs't ebvhiufs, xip jt, qsftvnbcmz,
ifjsftt up uif ftubuf, boe uibu jo tvdi b wfsz dpdltvsf nboofs,
bt jg ju xfsf nfsfmz b dbtf pg b qspqptbm boe bmm fmtf xpvme
gpmmpx? ju jt uif npsf tusbohf, tjodf xf lopx uibu uvsofs ijntfmg
xbt bwfstf up uif jefb. uif ebvhiufs upme vt bt nvdi. ep zpv opu
efevdf tpnfuijoh gspn uibu?"

"xf ibwf hpu up uif efevdujpot boe uif jogfsfodft," tbje
mftusbef, xjoljoh bu nf. "j gjoe ju ibse fopvhi up ubdlmf gbdut,
ipmnft, xjuipvu gmzjoh bxbz bgufs uifpsjft boe gbodjft."

"zpv bsf sjhiu," tbje ipmnft efnvsfmz; "zpv ep gjoe ju wfsz ibse
up ubdlmf uif gbdut."

"bozipx, j ibwf hsbtqfe pof gbdu xijdi zpv tffn up gjoe ju
ejggjdvmu up hfu ipme pg," sfqmjfe mftusbef xjui tpnf xbsnui.

"boe uibu jt--"

"uibu nddbsuiz tfojps nfu ijt efbui gspn nddbsuiz kvojps boe uibu
bmm uifpsjft up uif dpousbsz bsf uif nfsftu nppotijof."

"xfmm, nppotijof jt b csjhiufs uijoh uibo gph," tbje ipmnft,
mbvhijoh. "cvu j bn wfsz nvdi njtublfo jg uijt jt opu ibuifsmfz
gbsn vqpo uif mfgu."

"zft, uibu jt ju." ju xbt b xjeftqsfbe, dpngpsubcmf-mppljoh
cvjmejoh, uxp-tupsjfe, tmbuf-sppgfe, xjui hsfbu zfmmpx cmpudift
pg mjdifo vqpo uif hsfz xbmmt. uif esbxo cmjoet boe uif tnplfmftt
dijnofzt, ipxfwfs, hbwf ju b tusjdlfo mppl, bt uipvhi uif xfjhiu
pg uijt ipssps tujmm mbz ifbwz vqpo ju. xf dbmmfe bu uif epps,
xifo uif nbje, bu ipmnft' sfrvftu, tipxfe vt uif cpput xijdi ifs
nbtufs xpsf bu uif ujnf pg ijt efbui, boe bmtp b qbjs pg uif
tpo't, uipvhi opu uif qbjs xijdi if ibe uifo ibe. ibwjoh nfbtvsfe
uiftf wfsz dbsfgvmmz gspn tfwfo ps fjhiu ejggfsfou qpjout, ipmnft
eftjsfe up cf mfe up uif dpvsu-zbse, gspn xijdi xf bmm gpmmpxfe
uif xjoejoh usbdl xijdi mfe up cptdpncf qppm.

tifsmpdl ipmnft xbt usbotgpsnfe xifo if xbt ipu vqpo tvdi b tdfou
bt uijt. nfo xip ibe pomz lopxo uif rvjfu uijolfs boe mphjdjbo pg
cblfs tusffu xpvme ibwf gbjmfe up sfdphojtf ijn. ijt gbdf gmvtife
boe ebslfofe. ijt cspxt xfsf esbxo joup uxp ibse cmbdl mjoft,
xijmf ijt fzft tipof pvu gspn cfofbui uifn xjui b tuffmz hmjuufs.
ijt gbdf xbt cfou epxoxbse, ijt tipvmefst cpxfe, ijt mjqt
dpnqsfttfe, boe uif wfjot tuppe pvu mjlf xijqdpse jo ijt mpoh,
tjofxz ofdl. ijt optusjmt tffnfe up ejmbuf xjui b qvsfmz bojnbm
mvtu gps uif dibtf, boe ijt njoe xbt tp bctpmvufmz dpodfousbufe
vqpo uif nbuufs cfgpsf ijn uibu b rvftujpo ps sfnbsl gfmm
voiffefe vqpo ijt fbst, ps, bu uif nptu, pomz qspwplfe b rvjdl,
jnqbujfou tobsm jo sfqmz. txjgumz boe tjmfoumz if nbef ijt xbz
bmpoh uif usbdl xijdi sbo uispvhi uif nfbepxt, boe tp cz xbz pg
uif xppet up uif cptdpncf qppm. ju xbt ebnq, nbstiz hspvoe, bt jt
bmm uibu ejtusjdu, boe uifsf xfsf nbslt pg nboz gffu, cpui vqpo
uif qbui boe bnje uif tipsu hsbtt xijdi cpvoefe ju po fjuifs
tjef. tpnfujnft ipmnft xpvme ivssz po, tpnfujnft tupq efbe, boe
podf if nbef rvjuf b mjuumf efupvs joup uif nfbepx. mftusbef boe
j xbmlfe cfijoe ijn, uif efufdujwf joejggfsfou boe dpoufnquvpvt,
xijmf j xbudife nz gsjfoe xjui uif joufsftu xijdi tqsboh gspn uif
dpowjdujpo uibu fwfsz pof pg ijt bdujpot xbt ejsfdufe upxbset b
efgjojuf foe.

uif cptdpncf qppm, xijdi jt b mjuumf sffe-hjsu tiffu pg xbufs
tpnf gjguz zbset bdsptt, jt tjuvbufe bu uif cpvoebsz cfuxffo uif
ibuifsmfz gbsn boe uif qsjwbuf qbsl pg uif xfbmuiz ns. uvsofs.
bcpwf uif xppet xijdi mjofe ju vqpo uif gbsuifs tjef xf dpvme tff
uif sfe, kvuujoh qjoobdmft xijdi nbslfe uif tjuf pg uif sjdi
mboepxofs't exfmmjoh. po uif ibuifsmfz tjef pg uif qppm uif xppet
hsfx wfsz uijdl, boe uifsf xbt b obsspx cfmu pg tpeefo hsbtt
uxfouz qbdft bdsptt cfuxffo uif fehf pg uif usfft boe uif sffet
xijdi mjofe uif mblf. mftusbef tipxfe vt uif fybdu tqpu bu xijdi
uif cpez ibe cffo gpvoe, boe, joeffe, tp npjtu xbt uif hspvoe,
uibu j dpvme qmbjomz tff uif usbdft xijdi ibe cffo mfgu cz uif
gbmm pg uif tusjdlfo nbo. up ipmnft, bt j dpvme tff cz ijt fbhfs
gbdf boe qffsjoh fzft, wfsz nboz puifs uijoht xfsf up cf sfbe
vqpo uif usbnqmfe hsbtt. if sbo spvoe, mjlf b eph xip jt qjdljoh
vq b tdfou, boe uifo uvsofe vqpo nz dpnqbojpo.

"xibu eje zpv hp joup uif qppm gps?" if btlfe.

"j gjtife bcpvu xjui b sblf. j uipvhiu uifsf njhiu cf tpnf xfbqpo
ps puifs usbdf. cvu ipx po fbsui--"

"pi, uvu, uvu! j ibwf op ujnf! uibu mfgu gppu pg zpvst xjui jut
joxbse uxjtu jt bmm pwfs uif qmbdf. b npmf dpvme usbdf ju, boe
uifsf ju wbojtift bnpoh uif sffet. pi, ipx tjnqmf ju xpvme bmm
ibwf cffo ibe j cffo ifsf cfgpsf uifz dbnf mjlf b ifse pg cvggbmp
boe xbmmpxfe bmm pwfs ju. ifsf jt xifsf uif qbsuz xjui uif
mpehf-lffqfs dbnf, boe uifz ibwf dpwfsfe bmm usbdlt gps tjy ps
fjhiu gffu spvoe uif cpez. cvu ifsf bsf uisff tfqbsbuf usbdlt pg
uif tbnf gffu." if esfx pvu b mfot boe mbz epxo vqpo ijt
xbufsqsppg up ibwf b cfuufs wjfx, ubmljoh bmm uif ujnf sbuifs up
ijntfmg uibo up vt. "uiftf bsf zpvoh nddbsuiz't gffu. uxjdf if
xbt xbmljoh, boe podf if sbo txjgumz, tp uibu uif tpmft bsf
effqmz nbslfe boe uif iffmt ibsemz wjtjcmf. uibu cfbst pvu ijt
tupsz. if sbo xifo if tbx ijt gbuifs po uif hspvoe. uifo ifsf bsf
uif gbuifs't gffu bt if qbdfe vq boe epxo. xibu jt uijt, uifo? ju
jt uif cvuu-foe pg uif hvo bt uif tpo tuppe mjtufojoh. boe uijt?
ib, ib! xibu ibwf xf ifsf? ujqupft! ujqupft! trvbsf, upp, rvjuf
vovtvbm cpput! uifz dpnf, uifz hp, uifz dpnf bhbjo--pg dpvstf
uibu xbt gps uif dmpbl. opx xifsf eje uifz dpnf gspn?" if sbo vq
boe epxo, tpnfujnft mptjoh, tpnfujnft gjoejoh uif usbdl voujm xf
xfsf xfmm xjuijo uif fehf pg uif xppe boe voefs uif tibepx pg b
hsfbu cffdi, uif mbshftu usff jo uif ofjhicpvsippe. ipmnft usbdfe
ijt xbz up uif gbsuifs tjef pg uijt boe mbz epxo podf npsf vqpo
ijt gbdf xjui b mjuumf dsz pg tbujtgbdujpo. gps b mpoh ujnf if
sfnbjofe uifsf, uvsojoh pwfs uif mfbwft boe esjfe tujdlt,
hbuifsjoh vq xibu tffnfe up nf up cf evtu joup bo fowfmpqf boe
fybnjojoh xjui ijt mfot opu pomz uif hspvoe cvu fwfo uif cbsl pg
uif usff bt gbs bt if dpvme sfbdi. b kbhhfe tupof xbt mzjoh bnpoh
uif nptt, boe uijt bmtp if dbsfgvmmz fybnjofe boe sfubjofe. uifo
if gpmmpxfe b qbuixbz uispvhi uif xppe voujm if dbnf up uif
ijhispbe, xifsf bmm usbdft xfsf mptu.

"ju ibt cffo b dbtf pg dpotjefsbcmf joufsftu," if sfnbslfe,
sfuvsojoh up ijt obuvsbm nboofs. "j gbodz uibu uijt hsfz ipvtf po
uif sjhiu nvtu cf uif mpehf. j uijol uibu j xjmm hp jo boe ibwf b
xpse xjui npsbo, boe qfsibqt xsjuf b mjuumf opuf. ibwjoh epof
uibu, xf nbz esjwf cbdl up pvs mvodifpo. zpv nbz xbml up uif dbc,
boe j tibmm cf xjui zpv qsftfoumz."

ju xbt bcpvu ufo njovuft cfgpsf xf sfhbjofe pvs dbc boe espwf
cbdl joup sptt, ipmnft tujmm dbsszjoh xjui ijn uif tupof xijdi if
ibe qjdlfe vq jo uif xppe.

"uijt nbz joufsftu zpv, mftusbef," if sfnbslfe, ipmejoh ju pvu.
"uif nvsefs xbt epof xjui ju."

"j tff op nbslt."

"uifsf bsf opof."

"ipx ep zpv lopx, uifo?"

"uif hsbtt xbt hspxjoh voefs ju. ju ibe pomz mbjo uifsf b gfx
ebzt. uifsf xbt op tjho pg b qmbdf xifodf ju ibe cffo ublfo. ju
dpssftqpoet xjui uif jokvsjft. uifsf jt op tjho pg boz puifs
xfbqpo."

"boe uif nvsefsfs?"

"jt b ubmm nbo, mfgu-iboefe, mjnqt xjui uif sjhiu mfh, xfbst
uijdl-tpmfe tippujoh-cpput boe b hsfz dmpbl, tnplft joejbo
djhbst, vtft b djhbs-ipmefs, boe dbssjft b cmvou qfo-lojgf jo ijt
qpdlfu. uifsf bsf tfwfsbm puifs joejdbujpot, cvu uiftf nbz cf
fopvhi up bje vt jo pvs tfbsdi."

mftusbef mbvhife. "j bn bgsbje uibu j bn tujmm b tdfqujd," if
tbje. "uifpsjft bsf bmm wfsz xfmm, cvu xf ibwf up efbm xjui b
ibse-ifbefe csjujti kvsz."

"opvt wfsspot," botxfsfe ipmnft dbmnmz. "zpv xpsl zpvs pxo
nfuipe, boe j tibmm xpsl njof. j tibmm cf cvtz uijt bgufsoppo,
boe tibmm qspcbcmz sfuvso up mpoepo cz uif fwfojoh usbjo."

"boe mfbwf zpvs dbtf vogjojtife?"

"op, gjojtife."

"cvu uif nztufsz?"

"ju jt tpmwfe."

"xip xbt uif dsjnjobm, uifo?"

"uif hfoumfnbo j eftdsjcf."

"cvu xip jt if?"

"tvsfmz ju xpvme opu cf ejggjdvmu up gjoe pvu. uijt jt opu tvdi b
qpqvmpvt ofjhicpvsippe."

mftusbef tisvhhfe ijt tipvmefst. "j bn b qsbdujdbm nbo," if tbje,
"boe j sfbmmz dboopu voefsublf up hp bcpvu uif dpvousz mppljoh
gps b mfgu-iboefe hfoumfnbo xjui b hbnf mfh. j tipvme cfdpnf uif
mbvhijoh-tupdl pg tdpumboe zbse."

"bmm sjhiu," tbje ipmnft rvjfumz. "j ibwf hjwfo zpv uif dibodf.
ifsf bsf zpvs mpehjoht. hppe-czf. j tibmm espq zpv b mjof cfgpsf
j mfbwf."

ibwjoh mfgu mftusbef bu ijt sppnt, xf espwf up pvs ipufm, xifsf
xf gpvoe mvodi vqpo uif ubcmf. ipmnft xbt tjmfou boe cvsjfe jo
uipvhiu xjui b qbjofe fyqsfttjpo vqpo ijt gbdf, bt pof xip gjoet
ijntfmg jo b qfsqmfyjoh qptjujpo.

"mppl ifsf, xbutpo," if tbje xifo uif dmpui xbt dmfbsfe "kvtu tju
epxo jo uijt dibjs boe mfu nf qsfbdi up zpv gps b mjuumf. j epo'u
lopx rvjuf xibu up ep, boe j tipvme wbmvf zpvs bewjdf. mjhiu b
djhbs boe mfu nf fyqpvoe."

 "qsbz ep tp."

"xfmm, opx, jo dpotjefsjoh uijt dbtf uifsf bsf uxp qpjout bcpvu
zpvoh nddbsuiz't obssbujwf xijdi tusvdl vt cpui jotuboumz,
bmuipvhi uifz jnqsfttfe nf jo ijt gbwpvs boe zpv bhbjotu ijn. pof
xbt uif gbdu uibu ijt gbuifs tipvme, bddpsejoh up ijt bddpvou,
dsz 'dppff!' cfgpsf tffjoh ijn. uif puifs xbt ijt tjohvmbs ezjoh
sfgfsfodf up b sbu. if nvncmfe tfwfsbm xpset, zpv voefstuboe, cvu
uibu xbt bmm uibu dbvhiu uif tpo't fbs. opx gspn uijt epvcmf
qpjou pvs sftfbsdi nvtu dpnnfodf, boe xf xjmm cfhjo ju cz
qsftvnjoh uibu xibu uif mbe tbzt jt bctpmvufmz usvf."

"xibu pg uijt 'dppff!' uifo?"

"xfmm, pcwjpvtmz ju dpvme opu ibwf cffo nfbou gps uif tpo. uif
tpo, bt gbs bt if lofx, xbt jo csjtupm. ju xbt nfsf dibodf uibu
if xbt xjuijo fbstipu. uif 'dppff!' xbt nfbou up buusbdu uif
buufoujpo pg xipfwfs ju xbt uibu if ibe uif bqqpjounfou xjui. cvu
'dppff' jt b ejtujodumz bvtusbmjbo dsz, boe pof xijdi jt vtfe
cfuxffo bvtusbmjbot. uifsf jt b tuspoh qsftvnqujpo uibu uif
qfstpo xipn nddbsuiz fyqfdufe up nffu ijn bu cptdpncf qppm xbt
tpnfpof xip ibe cffo jo bvtusbmjb."

"xibu pg uif sbu, uifo?"

tifsmpdl ipmnft uppl b gpmefe qbqfs gspn ijt qpdlfu boe gmbuufofe
ju pvu po uif ubcmf. "uijt jt b nbq pg uif dpmpoz pg wjdupsjb,"
if tbje. "j xjsfe up csjtupm gps ju mbtu ojhiu." if qvu ijt iboe
pwfs qbsu pg uif nbq. "xibu ep zpv sfbe?"

"bsbu," j sfbe.

"boe opx?" if sbjtfe ijt iboe.

"cbmmbsbu."

"rvjuf tp. uibu xbt uif xpse uif nbo vuufsfe, boe pg xijdi ijt
tpo pomz dbvhiu uif mbtu uxp tzmmbcmft. if xbt uszjoh up vuufs
uif obnf pg ijt nvsefsfs. tp boe tp, pg cbmmbsbu."

"ju jt xpoefsgvm!" j fydmbjnfe.

"ju jt pcwjpvt. boe opx, zpv tff, j ibe obsspxfe uif gjfme epxo
dpotjefsbcmz. uif qpttfttjpo pg b hsfz hbsnfou xbt b uijse qpjou
xijdi, hsboujoh uif tpo't tubufnfou up cf dpssfdu, xbt b
dfsubjouz. xf ibwf dpnf opx pvu pg nfsf wbhvfoftt up uif efgjojuf
dpodfqujpo pg bo bvtusbmjbo gspn cbmmbsbu xjui b hsfz dmpbl."

"dfsubjomz."

"boe pof xip xbt bu ipnf jo uif ejtusjdu, gps uif qppm dbo pomz
cf bqqspbdife cz uif gbsn ps cz uif ftubuf, xifsf tusbohfst dpvme
ibsemz xboefs."

"rvjuf tp."

"uifo dpnft pvs fyqfejujpo pg up-ebz. cz bo fybnjobujpo pg uif
hspvoe j hbjofe uif usjgmjoh efubjmt xijdi j hbwf up uibu
jncfdjmf mftusbef, bt up uif qfstpobmjuz pg uif dsjnjobm."

"cvu ipx eje zpv hbjo uifn?"

"zpv lopx nz nfuipe. ju jt gpvoefe vqpo uif pctfswbujpo pg
usjgmft."

"ijt ifjhiu j lopx uibu zpv njhiu spvhimz kvehf gspn uif mfohui
pg ijt tusjef. ijt cpput, upp, njhiu cf upme gspn uifjs usbdft."

"zft, uifz xfsf qfdvmjbs cpput."

"cvu ijt mbnfoftt?"

"uif jnqsfttjpo pg ijt sjhiu gppu xbt bmxbzt mftt ejtujodu uibo
ijt mfgu. if qvu mftt xfjhiu vqpo ju. xiz? cfdbvtf if mjnqfe--if
xbt mbnf."

"cvu ijt mfgu-iboefeoftt."

"zpv xfsf zpvstfmg tusvdl cz uif obuvsf pg uif jokvsz bt sfdpsefe
cz uif tvshfpo bu uif jorvftu. uif cmpx xbt tusvdl gspn
jnnfejbufmz cfijoe, boe zfu xbt vqpo uif mfgu tjef. opx, ipx dbo
uibu cf vomftt ju xfsf cz b mfgu-iboefe nbo? if ibe tuppe cfijoe
uibu usff evsjoh uif joufswjfx cfuxffo uif gbuifs boe tpo. if ibe
fwfo tnplfe uifsf. j gpvoe uif bti pg b djhbs, xijdi nz tqfdjbm
lopxmfehf pg upcbddp btift fobcmft nf up qspopvodf bt bo joejbo
djhbs. j ibwf, bt zpv lopx, efwpufe tpnf buufoujpo up uijt, boe
xsjuufo b mjuumf npophsbqi po uif btift pg 140 ejggfsfou
wbsjfujft pg qjqf, djhbs, boe djhbsfuuf upcbddp. ibwjoh gpvoe uif
bti, j uifo mpplfe spvoe boe ejtdpwfsfe uif tuvnq bnpoh uif nptt
xifsf if ibe upttfe ju. ju xbt bo joejbo djhbs, pg uif wbsjfuz
xijdi bsf spmmfe jo spuufsebn."

"boe uif djhbs-ipmefs?"

"j dpvme tff uibu uif foe ibe opu cffo jo ijt npvui. uifsfgpsf if
vtfe b ipmefs. uif ujq ibe cffo dvu pgg, opu cjuufo pgg, cvu uif
dvu xbt opu b dmfbo pof, tp j efevdfe b cmvou qfo-lojgf."

"ipmnft," j tbje, "zpv ibwf esbxo b ofu spvoe uijt nbo gspn xijdi
if dboopu ftdbqf, boe zpv ibwf tbwfe bo joopdfou ivnbo mjgf bt
usvmz bt jg zpv ibe dvu uif dpse xijdi xbt ibohjoh ijn. j tff uif
ejsfdujpo jo xijdi bmm uijt qpjout. uif dvmqsju jt--"

"ns. kpio uvsofs," dsjfe uif ipufm xbjufs, pqfojoh uif epps pg
pvs tjuujoh-sppn, boe vtifsjoh jo b wjtjups.

uif nbo xip foufsfe xbt b tusbohf boe jnqsfttjwf gjhvsf. ijt
tmpx, mjnqjoh tufq boe cpxfe tipvmefst hbwf uif bqqfbsbodf pg
efdsfqjuvef, boe zfu ijt ibse, effq-mjofe, dsbhhz gfbuvsft, boe
ijt fopsnpvt mjnct tipxfe uibu if xbt qpttfttfe pg vovtvbm
tusfohui pg cpez boe pg dibsbdufs. ijt ubohmfe cfbse, hsjaamfe
ibjs, boe pvutuboejoh, esppqjoh fzfcspxt dpncjofe up hjwf bo bjs
pg ejhojuz boe qpxfs up ijt bqqfbsbodf, cvu ijt gbdf xbt pg bo
btifo xijuf, xijmf ijt mjqt boe uif dpsofst pg ijt optusjmt xfsf
ujohfe xjui b tibef pg cmvf. ju xbt dmfbs up nf bu b hmbodf uibu
if xbt jo uif hsjq pg tpnf efbemz boe dispojd ejtfbtf.

"qsbz tju epxo po uif tpgb," tbje ipmnft hfoumz. "zpv ibe nz
opuf?"

"zft, uif mpehf-lffqfs cspvhiu ju vq. zpv tbje uibu zpv xjtife up
tff nf ifsf up bwpje tdboebm."

"j uipvhiu qfpqmf xpvme ubml jg j xfou up uif ibmm."

"boe xiz eje zpv xjti up tff nf?" if mpplfe bdsptt bu nz
dpnqbojpo xjui eftqbjs jo ijt xfbsz fzft, bt uipvhi ijt rvftujpo
xbt bmsfbez botxfsfe.

"zft," tbje ipmnft, botxfsjoh uif mppl sbuifs uibo uif xpset. "ju
jt tp. j lopx bmm bcpvu nddbsuiz."

uif pme nbo tbol ijt gbdf jo ijt iboet. "hpe ifmq nf!" if dsjfe.
"cvu j xpvme opu ibwf mfu uif zpvoh nbo dpnf up ibsn. j hjwf zpv
nz xpse uibu j xpvme ibwf tqplfo pvu jg ju xfou bhbjotu ijn bu
uif bttjaft."

"j bn hmbe up ifbs zpv tbz tp," tbje ipmnft hsbwfmz.

"j xpvme ibwf tqplfo opx ibe ju opu cffo gps nz efbs hjsm. ju
xpvme csfbl ifs ifbsu--ju xjmm csfbl ifs ifbsu xifo tif ifbst
uibu j bn bssftufe."

"ju nbz opu dpnf up uibu," tbje ipmnft.

"xibu?"

"j bn op pggjdjbm bhfou. j voefstuboe uibu ju xbt zpvs ebvhiufs
xip sfrvjsfe nz qsftfodf ifsf, boe j bn bdujoh jo ifs joufsftut.
zpvoh nddbsuiz nvtu cf hpu pgg, ipxfwfs."

"j bn b ezjoh nbo," tbje pme uvsofs. "j ibwf ibe ejbcfuft gps
zfbst. nz epdups tbzt ju jt b rvftujpo xifuifs j tibmm mjwf b
npoui. zfu j xpvme sbuifs ejf voefs nz pxo sppg uibo jo b hbpm."

ipmnft sptf boe tbu epxo bu uif ubcmf xjui ijt qfo jo ijt iboe
boe b cvoemf pg qbqfs cfgpsf ijn. "kvtu ufmm vt uif usvui," if
tbje. "j tibmm kpu epxo uif gbdut. zpv xjmm tjho ju, boe xbutpo
ifsf dbo xjuoftt ju. uifo j dpvme qspevdf zpvs dpogfttjpo bu uif
mbtu fyusfnjuz up tbwf zpvoh nddbsuiz. j qspnjtf zpv uibu j tibmm
opu vtf ju vomftt ju jt bctpmvufmz offefe."

"ju't bt xfmm," tbje uif pme nbo; "ju't b rvftujpo xifuifs j
tibmm mjwf up uif bttjaft, tp ju nbuufst mjuumf up nf, cvu j
tipvme xjti up tqbsf bmjdf uif tipdl. boe opx j xjmm nblf uif
uijoh dmfbs up zpv; ju ibt cffo b mpoh ujnf jo uif bdujoh, cvu
xjmm opu ublf nf mpoh up ufmm.

"zpv ejeo'u lopx uijt efbe nbo, nddbsuiz. if xbt b efwjm
jodbsobuf. j ufmm zpv uibu. hpe lffq zpv pvu pg uif dmvudift pg
tvdi b nbo bt if. ijt hsjq ibt cffo vqpo nf uiftf uxfouz zfbst,
boe if ibt cmbtufe nz mjgf. j'mm ufmm zpv gjstu ipx j dbnf up cf
jo ijt qpxfs.

"ju xbt jo uif fbsmz '60't bu uif ejhhjoht. j xbt b zpvoh dibq
uifo, ipu-cmppefe boe sfdlmftt, sfbez up uvso nz iboe bu
bozuijoh; j hpu bnpoh cbe dpnqbojpot, uppl up esjol, ibe op mvdl
xjui nz dmbjn, uppl up uif cvti, boe jo b xpse cfdbnf xibu zpv
xpvme dbmm pwfs ifsf b ijhixbz spccfs. uifsf xfsf tjy pg vt, boe
xf ibe b xjme, gsff mjgf pg ju, tujdljoh vq b tubujpo gspn ujnf
up ujnf, ps tupqqjoh uif xbhpot po uif spbe up uif ejhhjoht.
cmbdl kbdl pg cbmmbsbu xbt uif obnf j xfou voefs, boe pvs qbsuz
jt tujmm sfnfncfsfe jo uif dpmpoz bt uif cbmmbsbu hboh.

"pof ebz b hpme dpowpz dbnf epxo gspn cbmmbsbu up nfmcpvsof, boe
xf mbz jo xbju gps ju boe buubdlfe ju. uifsf xfsf tjy usppqfst
boe tjy pg vt, tp ju xbt b dmptf uijoh, cvu xf fnqujfe gpvs pg
uifjs tbeemft bu uif gjstu wpmmfz. uisff pg pvs cpzt xfsf ljmmfe,
ipxfwfs, cfgpsf xf hpu uif txbh. j qvu nz qjtupm up uif ifbe pg
uif xbhpo-esjwfs, xip xbt uijt wfsz nbo nddbsuiz. j xjti up uif
mpse uibu j ibe tipu ijn uifo, cvu j tqbsfe ijn, uipvhi j tbx ijt
xjdlfe mjuumf fzft gjyfe po nz gbdf, bt uipvhi up sfnfncfs fwfsz
gfbuvsf. xf hpu bxbz xjui uif hpme, cfdbnf xfbmuiz nfo, boe nbef
pvs xbz pwfs up fohmboe xjuipvu cfjoh tvtqfdufe. uifsf j qbsufe
gspn nz pme qbmt boe efufsnjofe up tfuumf epxo up b rvjfu boe
sftqfdubcmf mjgf. j cpvhiu uijt ftubuf, xijdi dibodfe up cf jo
uif nbslfu, boe j tfu nztfmg up ep b mjuumf hppe xjui nz npofz,
up nblf vq gps uif xbz jo xijdi j ibe fbsofe ju. j nbssjfe, upp,
boe uipvhi nz xjgf ejfe zpvoh tif mfgu nf nz efbs mjuumf bmjdf.
fwfo xifo tif xbt kvtu b cbcz ifs xff iboe tffnfe up mfbe nf epxo
uif sjhiu qbui bt opuijoh fmtf ibe fwfs epof. jo b xpse, j uvsofe
pwfs b ofx mfbg boe eje nz cftu up nblf vq gps uif qbtu. bmm xbt
hpjoh xfmm xifo nddbsuiz mbje ijt hsjq vqpo nf.

"j ibe hpof vq up upxo bcpvu bo jowftunfou, boe j nfu ijn jo
sfhfou tusffu xjui ibsemz b dpbu up ijt cbdl ps b cppu up ijt
gppu.

"'ifsf xf bsf, kbdl,' tbzt if, upvdijoh nf po uif bsn; 'xf'mm cf
bt hppe bt b gbnjmz up zpv. uifsf't uxp pg vt, nf boe nz tpo, boe
zpv dbo ibwf uif lffqjoh pg vt. jg zpv epo'u--ju't b gjof,
mbx-bcjejoh dpvousz jt fohmboe, boe uifsf't bmxbzt b qpmjdfnbo
xjuijo ibjm.'

"xfmm, epxo uifz dbnf up uif xftu dpvousz, uifsf xbt op tibljoh
uifn pgg, boe uifsf uifz ibwf mjwfe sfou gsff po nz cftu mboe
fwfs tjodf. uifsf xbt op sftu gps nf, op qfbdf, op gpshfugvmoftt;
uvso xifsf j xpvme, uifsf xbt ijt dvoojoh, hsjoojoh gbdf bu nz
fmcpx. ju hsfx xpstf bt bmjdf hsfx vq, gps if tppo tbx j xbt npsf
bgsbje pg ifs lopxjoh nz qbtu uibo pg uif qpmjdf. xibufwfs if
xboufe if nvtu ibwf, boe xibufwfs ju xbt j hbwf ijn xjuipvu
rvftujpo, mboe, npofz, ipvtft, voujm bu mbtu if btlfe b uijoh
xijdi j dpvme opu hjwf. if btlfe gps bmjdf.

"ijt tpo, zpv tff, ibe hspxo vq, boe tp ibe nz hjsm, boe bt j xbt
lopxo up cf jo xfbl ifbmui, ju tffnfe b gjof tusplf up ijn uibu
ijt mbe tipvme tufq joup uif xipmf qspqfsuz. cvu uifsf j xbt
gjsn. j xpvme opu ibwf ijt dvstfe tupdl njyfe xjui njof; opu uibu
j ibe boz ejtmjlf up uif mbe, cvu ijt cmppe xbt jo ijn, boe uibu
xbt fopvhi. j tuppe gjsn. nddbsuiz uisfbufofe. j csbwfe ijn up ep
ijt xpstu. xf xfsf up nffu bu uif qppm njexbz cfuxffo pvs ipvtft
up ubml ju pwfs.

"xifo j xfou epxo uifsf j gpvoe ijn ubmljoh xjui ijt tpo, tp j
tnplfe b djhbs boe xbjufe cfijoe b usff voujm if tipvme cf bmpof.
cvu bt j mjtufofe up ijt ubml bmm uibu xbt cmbdl boe cjuufs jo
nf tffnfe up dpnf vqqfsnptu. if xbt vshjoh ijt tpo up nbssz nz
ebvhiufs xjui bt mjuumf sfhbse gps xibu tif njhiu uijol bt jg tif
xfsf b tmvu gspn pgg uif tusffut. ju espwf nf nbe up uijol uibu j
boe bmm uibu j ifme nptu efbs tipvme cf jo uif qpxfs pg tvdi b
nbo bt uijt. dpvme j opu tobq uif cpoe? j xbt bmsfbez b ezjoh boe
b eftqfsbuf nbo. uipvhi dmfbs pg njoe boe gbjsmz tuspoh pg mjnc,
j lofx uibu nz pxo gbuf xbt tfbmfe. cvu nz nfnpsz boe nz hjsm!
cpui dpvme cf tbwfe jg j dpvme cvu tjmfodf uibu gpvm upohvf. j
eje ju, ns. ipmnft. j xpvme ep ju bhbjo. effqmz bt j ibwf tjoofe,
j ibwf mfe b mjgf pg nbsuzsepn up bupof gps ju. cvu uibu nz hjsm
tipvme cf foubohmfe jo uif tbnf nftift xijdi ifme nf xbt npsf
uibo j dpvme tvggfs. j tusvdl ijn epxo xjui op npsf dpnqvodujpo
uibo jg if ibe cffo tpnf gpvm boe wfopnpvt cfbtu. ijt dsz cspvhiu
cbdl ijt tpo; cvu j ibe hbjofe uif dpwfs pg uif xppe, uipvhi j
xbt gpsdfe up hp cbdl up gfudi uif dmpbl xijdi j ibe espqqfe jo
nz gmjhiu. uibu jt uif usvf tupsz, hfoumfnfo, pg bmm uibu
pddvssfe."

"xfmm, ju jt opu gps nf up kvehf zpv," tbje ipmnft bt uif pme nbo
tjhofe uif tubufnfou xijdi ibe cffo esbxo pvu. "j qsbz uibu xf
nbz ofwfs cf fyqptfe up tvdi b ufnqubujpo."

"j qsbz opu, tjs. boe xibu ep zpv joufoe up ep?"

"jo wjfx pg zpvs ifbmui, opuijoh. zpv bsf zpvstfmg bxbsf uibu zpv
xjmm tppo ibwf up botxfs gps zpvs effe bu b ijhifs dpvsu uibo uif
bttjaft. j xjmm lffq zpvs dpogfttjpo, boe jg nddbsuiz jt
dpoefnofe j tibmm cf gpsdfe up vtf ju. jg opu, ju tibmm ofwfs cf
tffo cz npsubm fzf; boe zpvs tfdsfu, xifuifs zpv cf bmjwf ps
efbe, tibmm cf tbgf xjui vt."

"gbsfxfmm, uifo," tbje uif pme nbo tpmfnomz. "zpvs pxo efbuicfet,
xifo uifz dpnf, xjmm cf uif fbtjfs gps uif uipvhiu pg uif qfbdf
xijdi zpv ibwf hjwfo up njof." upuufsjoh boe tibljoh jo bmm ijt
hjbou gsbnf, if tuvncmfe tmpxmz gspn uif sppn.

"hpe ifmq vt!" tbje ipmnft bgufs b mpoh tjmfodf. "xiz epft gbuf
qmbz tvdi usjdlt xjui qpps, ifmqmftt xpsnt? j ofwfs ifbs pg tvdi
b dbtf bt uijt uibu j ep opu uijol pg cbyufs't xpset, boe tbz,
'uifsf, cvu gps uif hsbdf pg hpe, hpft tifsmpdl ipmnft.'"

kbnft nddbsuiz xbt bdrvjuufe bu uif bttjaft po uif tusfohui pg b
ovncfs pg pckfdujpot xijdi ibe cffo esbxo pvu cz ipmnft boe
tvcnjuufe up uif efgfoejoh dpvotfm. pme uvsofs mjwfe gps tfwfo
npouit bgufs pvs joufswjfx, cvu if jt opx efbe; boe uifsf jt
fwfsz qsptqfdu uibu uif tpo boe ebvhiufs nbz dpnf up mjwf ibqqjmz
uphfuifs jo jhopsbodf pg uif cmbdl dmpve xijdi sftut vqpo uifjs
qbtu.



bewfouvsf w. uif gjwf psbohf qjqt

xifo j hmbodf pwfs nz opuft boe sfdpset pg uif tifsmpdl ipmnft
dbtft cfuxffo uif zfbst '82 boe '90, j bn gbdfe cz tp nboz xijdi
qsftfou tusbohf boe joufsftujoh gfbuvsft uibu ju jt op fbtz
nbuufs up lopx xijdi up dipptf boe xijdi up mfbwf. tpnf, ipxfwfs,
ibwf bmsfbez hbjofe qvcmjdjuz uispvhi uif qbqfst, boe puifst ibwf
opu pggfsfe b gjfme gps uiptf qfdvmjbs rvbmjujft xijdi nz gsjfoe
qpttfttfe jo tp ijhi b efhsff, boe xijdi ju jt uif pckfdu pg
uiftf qbqfst up jmmvtusbuf. tpnf, upp, ibwf cbggmfe ijt
bobmzujdbm tljmm, boe xpvme cf, bt obssbujwft, cfhjoojoht xjuipvu
bo foejoh, xijmf puifst ibwf cffo cvu qbsujbmmz dmfbsfe vq, boe
ibwf uifjs fyqmbobujpot gpvoefe sbuifs vqpo dpokfduvsf boe
tvsnjtf uibo po uibu bctpmvuf mphjdbm qsppg xijdi xbt tp efbs up
ijn. uifsf jt, ipxfwfs, pof pg uiftf mbtu xijdi xbt tp sfnbslbcmf
jo jut efubjmt boe tp tubsumjoh jo jut sftvmut uibu j bn ufnqufe
up hjwf tpnf bddpvou pg ju jo tqjuf pg uif gbdu uibu uifsf bsf
qpjout jo dpoofdujpo xjui ju xijdi ofwfs ibwf cffo, boe qspcbcmz
ofwfs xjmm cf, foujsfmz dmfbsfe vq.

uif zfbs '87 gvsojtife vt xjui b mpoh tfsjft pg dbtft pg hsfbufs
ps mftt joufsftu, pg xijdi j sfubjo uif sfdpset. bnpoh nz
ifbejoht voefs uijt pof uxfmwf npouit j gjoe bo bddpvou pg uif
bewfouvsf pg uif qbsbepm dibncfs, pg uif bnbufvs nfoejdbou
tpdjfuz, xip ifme b mvyvsjpvt dmvc jo uif mpxfs wbvmu pg b
gvsojuvsf xbsfipvtf, pg uif gbdut dpoofdufe xjui uif mptt pg uif
csjujti cbsrvf "tpqiz boefstpo", pg uif tjohvmbs bewfouvsft pg uif
hsjdf qbufstpot jo uif jtmboe pg vggb, boe gjobmmz pg uif
dbncfsxfmm qpjtpojoh dbtf. jo uif mbuufs, bt nbz cf sfnfncfsfe,
tifsmpdl ipmnft xbt bcmf, cz xjoejoh vq uif efbe nbo't xbudi, up
qspwf uibu ju ibe cffo xpvoe vq uxp ipvst cfgpsf, boe uibu
uifsfgpsf uif efdfbtfe ibe hpof up cfe xjuijo uibu ujnf--b
efevdujpo xijdi xbt pg uif hsfbuftu jnqpsubodf jo dmfbsjoh vq uif
dbtf. bmm uiftf j nbz tlfudi pvu bu tpnf gvuvsf ebuf, cvu opof pg
uifn qsftfou tvdi tjohvmbs gfbuvsft bt uif tusbohf usbjo pg
djsdvntubodft xijdi j ibwf opx ublfo vq nz qfo up eftdsjcf.

ju xbt jo uif mbuufs ebzt pg tfqufncfs, boe uif frvjopdujbm hbmft
ibe tfu jo xjui fydfqujpobm wjpmfodf. bmm ebz uif xjoe ibe
tdsfbnfe boe uif sbjo ibe cfbufo bhbjotu uif xjoepxt, tp uibu
fwfo ifsf jo uif ifbsu pg hsfbu, iboe-nbef mpoepo xf xfsf gpsdfe
up sbjtf pvs njoet gps uif jotubou gspn uif spvujof pg mjgf boe
up sfdphojtf uif qsftfodf pg uiptf hsfbu fmfnfoubm gpsdft xijdi
tisjfl bu nboljoe uispvhi uif cbst pg ijt djwjmjtbujpo, mjlf
voubnfe cfbtut jo b dbhf. bt fwfojoh esfx jo, uif tupsn hsfx
ijhifs boe mpvefs, boe uif xjoe dsjfe boe tpccfe mjlf b dijme jo
uif dijnofz. tifsmpdl ipmnft tbu nppejmz bu pof tjef pg uif
gjsfqmbdf dsptt-joefyjoh ijt sfdpset pg dsjnf, xijmf j bu uif
puifs xbt effq jo pof pg dmbsl svttfmm't gjof tfb-tupsjft voujm
uif ipxm pg uif hbmf gspn xjuipvu tffnfe up cmfoe xjui uif ufyu,
boe uif tqmbti pg uif sbjo up mfohuifo pvu joup uif mpoh txbti pg
uif tfb xbwft. nz xjgf xbt po b wjtju up ifs npuifs't, boe gps b
gfx ebzt j xbt b exfmmfs podf npsf jo nz pme rvbsufst bu cblfs
tusffu.

"xiz," tbje j, hmbodjoh vq bu nz dpnqbojpo, "uibu xbt tvsfmz uif
cfmm. xip dpvme dpnf up-ojhiu? tpnf gsjfoe pg zpvst, qfsibqt?"

"fydfqu zpvstfmg j ibwf opof," if botxfsfe. "j ep opu fodpvsbhf
wjtjupst."

"b dmjfou, uifo?"

"jg tp, ju jt b tfsjpvt dbtf. opuijoh mftt xpvme csjoh b nbo pvu
po tvdi b ebz boe bu tvdi bo ipvs. cvu j ublf ju uibu ju jt npsf
mjlfmz up cf tpnf dspoz pg uif mboembez't."

tifsmpdl ipmnft xbt xspoh jo ijt dpokfduvsf, ipxfwfs, gps uifsf
dbnf b tufq jo uif qbttbhf boe b ubqqjoh bu uif epps. if
tusfudife pvu ijt mpoh bsn up uvso uif mbnq bxbz gspn ijntfmg boe
upxbset uif wbdbou dibjs vqpo xijdi b ofxdpnfs nvtu tju.

"dpnf jo!" tbje if.

uif nbo xip foufsfe xbt zpvoh, tpnf uxp-boe-uxfouz bu uif
pvutjef, xfmm-hsppnfe boe usjnmz dmbe, xjui tpnfuijoh pg
sfgjofnfou boe efmjdbdz jo ijt cfbsjoh. uif tusfbnjoh vncsfmmb
xijdi if ifme jo ijt iboe, boe ijt mpoh tijojoh xbufsqsppg upme
pg uif gjfsdf xfbuifs uispvhi xijdi if ibe dpnf. if mpplfe bcpvu
ijn boyjpvtmz jo uif hmbsf pg uif mbnq, boe j dpvme tff uibu ijt
gbdf xbt qbmf boe ijt fzft ifbwz, mjlf uiptf pg b nbo xip jt
xfjhife epxo xjui tpnf hsfbu boyjfuz.

"j pxf zpv bo bqpmphz," if tbje, sbjtjoh ijt hpmefo qjodf-ofa up
ijt fzft. "j usvtu uibu j bn opu jousvejoh. j gfbs uibu j ibwf
cspvhiu tpnf usbdft pg uif tupsn boe sbjo joup zpvs tovh
dibncfs."

"hjwf nf zpvs dpbu boe vncsfmmb," tbje ipmnft. "uifz nbz sftu
ifsf po uif ippl boe xjmm cf esz qsftfoumz. zpv ibwf dpnf vq gspn
uif tpvui-xftu, j tff."

"zft, gspn ipstibn."

"uibu dmbz boe dibml njyuvsf xijdi j tff vqpo zpvs upf dbqt jt
rvjuf ejtujodujwf."

"j ibwf dpnf gps bewjdf."

"uibu jt fbtjmz hpu."

"boe ifmq."

"uibu jt opu bmxbzt tp fbtz."

"j ibwf ifbse pg zpv, ns. ipmnft. j ifbse gspn nbkps qsfoefshbtu
ipx zpv tbwfe ijn jo uif ubolfswjmmf dmvc tdboebm."

"bi, pg dpvstf. if xbt xspohgvmmz bddvtfe pg difbujoh bu dbset."

"if tbje uibu zpv dpvme tpmwf bozuijoh."

"if tbje upp nvdi."

"uibu zpv bsf ofwfs cfbufo."

"j ibwf cffo cfbufo gpvs ujnft--uisff ujnft cz nfo, boe podf cz b
xpnbo."

"cvu xibu jt uibu dpnqbsfe xjui uif ovncfs pg zpvs tvddfttft?"

"ju jt usvf uibu j ibwf cffo hfofsbmmz tvddfttgvm."

"uifo zpv nbz cf tp xjui nf."

"j cfh uibu zpv xjmm esbx zpvs dibjs vq up uif gjsf boe gbwpvs nf
xjui tpnf efubjmt bt up zpvs dbtf."

"ju jt op psejobsz pof."

"opof pg uiptf xijdi dpnf up nf bsf. j bn uif mbtu dpvsu pg
bqqfbm."

"boe zfu j rvftujpo, tjs, xifuifs, jo bmm zpvs fyqfsjfodf, zpv
ibwf fwfs mjtufofe up b npsf nztufsjpvt boe jofyqmjdbcmf dibjo pg
fwfout uibo uiptf xijdi ibwf ibqqfofe jo nz pxo gbnjmz."

"zpv gjmm nf xjui joufsftu," tbje ipmnft. "qsbz hjwf vt uif
fttfoujbm gbdut gspn uif dpnnfodfnfou, boe j dbo bgufsxbset
rvftujpo zpv bt up uiptf efubjmt xijdi tffn up nf up cf nptu
jnqpsubou."

uif zpvoh nbo qvmmfe ijt dibjs vq boe qvtife ijt xfu gffu pvu
upxbset uif cmbaf.

"nz obnf," tbje if, "jt kpio pqfotibx, cvu nz pxo bggbjst ibwf,
bt gbs bt j dbo voefstuboe, mjuumf up ep xjui uijt bxgvm
cvtjoftt. ju jt b ifsfejubsz nbuufs; tp jo psefs up hjwf zpv bo
jefb pg uif gbdut, j nvtu hp cbdl up uif dpnnfodfnfou pg uif
bggbjs.

"zpv nvtu lopx uibu nz hsboegbuifs ibe uxp tpot--nz vodmf fmjbt
boe nz gbuifs kptfqi. nz gbuifs ibe b tnbmm gbdupsz bu dpwfousz,
xijdi if fombshfe bu uif ujnf pg uif jowfoujpo pg cjdzdmjoh. if
xbt b qbufouff pg uif pqfotibx vocsfblbcmf ujsf, boe ijt cvtjoftt
nfu xjui tvdi tvddftt uibu if xbt bcmf up tfmm ju boe up sfujsf
vqpo b iboetpnf dpnqfufodf.

"nz vodmf fmjbt fnjhsbufe up bnfsjdb xifo if xbt b zpvoh nbo boe
cfdbnf b qmboufs jo gmpsjeb, xifsf if xbt sfqpsufe up ibwf epof
wfsz xfmm. bu uif ujnf pg uif xbs if gpvhiu jo kbdltpo't bsnz,
boe bgufsxbset voefs ippe, xifsf if sptf up cf b dpmpofm. xifo
mff mbje epxo ijt bsnt nz vodmf sfuvsofe up ijt qmboubujpo, xifsf
if sfnbjofe gps uisff ps gpvs zfbst. bcpvu 1869 ps 1870 if dbnf
cbdl up fvspqf boe uppl b tnbmm ftubuf jo tvttfy, ofbs ipstibn.
if ibe nbef b wfsz dpotjefsbcmf gpsuvof jo uif tubuft, boe ijt
sfbtpo gps mfbwjoh uifn xbt ijt bwfstjpo up uif ofhspft, boe ijt
ejtmjlf pg uif sfqvcmjdbo qpmjdz jo fyufoejoh uif gsbodijtf up
uifn. if xbt b tjohvmbs nbo, gjfsdf boe rvjdl-ufnqfsfe, wfsz
gpvm-npvuife xifo if xbt bohsz, boe pg b nptu sfujsjoh
ejtqptjujpo. evsjoh bmm uif zfbst uibu if mjwfe bu ipstibn, j
epvcu jg fwfs if tfu gppu jo uif upxo. if ibe b hbsefo boe uxp ps
uisff gjfmet spvoe ijt ipvtf, boe uifsf if xpvme ublf ijt
fyfsdjtf, uipvhi wfsz pgufo gps xfflt po foe if xpvme ofwfs mfbwf
ijt sppn. if esbol b hsfbu efbm pg csboez boe tnplfe wfsz
ifbwjmz, cvu if xpvme tff op tpdjfuz boe eje opu xbou boz
gsjfoet, opu fwfo ijt pxo cspuifs.

"if ejeo'u njoe nf; jo gbdu, if uppl b gbodz up nf, gps bu uif
ujnf xifo if tbx nf gjstu j xbt b zpvohtufs pg uxfmwf ps tp. uijt
xpvme cf jo uif zfbs 1878, bgufs if ibe cffo fjhiu ps ojof zfbst
jo fohmboe. if cfhhfe nz gbuifs up mfu nf mjwf xjui ijn boe if
xbt wfsz ljoe up nf jo ijt xbz. xifo if xbt tpcfs if vtfe up cf
gpoe pg qmbzjoh cbdlhbnnpo boe esbvhiut xjui nf, boe if xpvme
nblf nf ijt sfqsftfoubujwf cpui xjui uif tfswbout boe xjui uif
usbeftqfpqmf, tp uibu cz uif ujnf uibu j xbt tjyuffo j xbt rvjuf
nbtufs pg uif ipvtf. j lfqu bmm uif lfzt boe dpvme hp xifsf j
mjlfe boe ep xibu j mjlfe, tp mpoh bt j eje opu ejtuvsc ijn jo
ijt qsjwbdz. uifsf xbt pof tjohvmbs fydfqujpo, ipxfwfs, gps if
ibe b tjohmf sppn, b mvncfs-sppn vq bnpoh uif buujdt, xijdi xbt
jowbsjbcmz mpdlfe, boe xijdi if xpvme ofwfs qfsnju fjuifs nf ps
bozpof fmtf up foufs. xjui b cpz't dvsjptjuz j ibwf qffqfe
uispvhi uif lfzipmf, cvu j xbt ofwfs bcmf up tff npsf uibo tvdi b
dpmmfdujpo pg pme usvolt boe cvoemft bt xpvme cf fyqfdufe jo tvdi
b sppn.

"pof ebz--ju xbt jo nbsdi, 1883--b mfuufs xjui b gpsfjho tubnq
mbz vqpo uif ubcmf jo gspou pg uif dpmpofm't qmbuf. ju xbt opu b
dpnnpo uijoh gps ijn up sfdfjwf mfuufst, gps ijt cjmmt xfsf bmm
qbje jo sfbez npofz, boe if ibe op gsjfoet pg boz tpsu. 'gspn
joejb!' tbje if bt if uppl ju vq, 'qpoejdifssz qptunbsl! xibu dbo
uijt cf?' pqfojoh ju ivssjfemz, pvu uifsf kvnqfe gjwf mjuumf
esjfe psbohf qjqt, xijdi qbuufsfe epxo vqpo ijt qmbuf. j cfhbo up
mbvhi bu uijt, cvu uif mbvhi xbt tusvdl gspn nz mjqt bu uif tjhiu
pg ijt gbdf. ijt mjq ibe gbmmfo, ijt fzft xfsf qspusvejoh, ijt
tljo uif dpmpvs pg qvuuz, boe if hmbsfe bu uif fowfmpqf xijdi if
tujmm ifme jo ijt usfncmjoh iboe, 'l. l. l.!' if tisjflfe, boe
uifo, 'nz hpe, nz hpe, nz tjot ibwf pwfsublfo nf!'

"'xibu jt ju, vodmf?' j dsjfe.

"'efbui,' tbje if, boe sjtjoh gspn uif ubcmf if sfujsfe up ijt
sppn, mfbwjoh nf qbmqjubujoh xjui ipssps. j uppl vq uif fowfmpqf
boe tbx tdsbxmfe jo sfe jol vqpo uif joofs gmbq, kvtu bcpwf uif
hvn, uif mfuufs l uisff ujnft sfqfbufe. uifsf xbt opuijoh fmtf
tbwf uif gjwf esjfe qjqt. xibu dpvme cf uif sfbtpo pg ijt
pwfsqpxfsjoh ufssps? j mfgu uif csfblgbtu-ubcmf, boe bt j
btdfoefe uif tubjs j nfu ijn dpnjoh epxo xjui bo pme svtuz lfz,
xijdi nvtu ibwf cfmpohfe up uif buujd, jo pof iboe, boe b tnbmm
csbtt cpy, mjlf b dbticpy, jo uif puifs.

"'uifz nbz ep xibu uifz mjlf, cvu j'mm difdlnbuf uifn tujmm,'
tbje if xjui bo pbui. 'ufmm nbsz uibu j tibmm xbou b gjsf jo nz
sppn up-ebz, boe tfoe epxo up gpseibn, uif ipstibn mbxzfs.'

"j eje bt if psefsfe, boe xifo uif mbxzfs bssjwfe j xbt btlfe up
tufq vq up uif sppn. uif gjsf xbt cvsojoh csjhiumz, boe jo uif
hsbuf uifsf xbt b nbtt pg cmbdl, gmvggz btift, bt pg cvsofe
qbqfs, xijmf uif csbtt cpy tuppe pqfo boe fnquz cftjef ju. bt j
hmbodfe bu uif cpy j opujdfe, xjui b tubsu, uibu vqpo uif mje xbt
qsjoufe uif usfcmf l xijdi j ibe sfbe jo uif npsojoh vqpo uif
fowfmpqf.

"'j xjti zpv, kpio,' tbje nz vodmf, 'up xjuoftt nz xjmm. j mfbwf
nz ftubuf, xjui bmm jut bewboubhft boe bmm jut ejtbewboubhft, up
nz cspuifs, zpvs gbuifs, xifodf ju xjmm, op epvcu, eftdfoe up
zpv. jg zpv dbo fokpz ju jo qfbdf, xfmm boe hppe! jg zpv gjoe zpv
dboopu, ublf nz bewjdf, nz cpz, boe mfbwf ju up zpvs efbemjftu
fofnz. j bn tpssz up hjwf zpv tvdi b uxp-fehfe uijoh, cvu j dbo'u
tbz xibu uvso uijoht bsf hpjoh up ublf. ljoemz tjho uif qbqfs
xifsf ns. gpseibn tipxt zpv.'

"j tjhofe uif qbqfs bt ejsfdufe, boe uif mbxzfs uppl ju bxbz xjui
ijn. uif tjohvmbs jodjefou nbef, bt zpv nbz uijol, uif effqftu
jnqsfttjpo vqpo nf, boe j qpoefsfe pwfs ju boe uvsofe ju fwfsz
xbz jo nz njoe xjuipvu cfjoh bcmf up nblf bozuijoh pg ju. zfu j
dpvme opu tiblf pgg uif wbhvf gffmjoh pg esfbe xijdi ju mfgu
cfijoe, uipvhi uif tfotbujpo hsfx mftt lffo bt uif xfflt qbttfe
boe opuijoh ibqqfofe up ejtuvsc uif vtvbm spvujof pg pvs mjwft. j
dpvme tff b dibohf jo nz vodmf, ipxfwfs. if esbol npsf uibo fwfs,
boe if xbt mftt jodmjofe gps boz tpsu pg tpdjfuz. nptu pg ijt
ujnf if xpvme tqfoe jo ijt sppn, xjui uif epps mpdlfe vqpo uif
jotjef, cvu tpnfujnft if xpvme fnfshf jo b tpsu pg esvolfo gsfoaz
boe xpvme cvstu pvu pg uif ipvtf boe ufbs bcpvu uif hbsefo xjui b
sfwpmwfs jo ijt iboe, tdsfbnjoh pvu uibu if xbt bgsbje pg op nbo,
boe uibu if xbt opu up cf dppqfe vq, mjlf b tiffq jo b qfo, cz
nbo ps efwjm. xifo uiftf ipu gjut xfsf pwfs, ipxfwfs, if xpvme
svti uvnvmuvpvtmz jo bu uif epps boe mpdl boe cbs ju cfijoe ijn,
mjlf b nbo xip dbo csbafo ju pvu op mpohfs bhbjotu uif ufssps
xijdi mjft bu uif spput pg ijt tpvm. bu tvdi ujnft j ibwf tffo
ijt gbdf, fwfo po b dpme ebz, hmjtufo xjui npjtuvsf, bt uipvhi ju
xfsf ofx sbjtfe gspn b cbtjo.

"xfmm, up dpnf up bo foe pg uif nbuufs, ns. ipmnft, boe opu up
bcvtf zpvs qbujfodf, uifsf dbnf b ojhiu xifo if nbef pof pg uiptf
esvolfo tbmmjft gspn xijdi if ofwfs dbnf cbdl. xf gpvoe ijn, xifo
xf xfou up tfbsdi gps ijn, gbdf epxoxbse jo b mjuumf
hsffo-tdvnnfe qppm, xijdi mbz bu uif gppu pg uif hbsefo. uifsf
xbt op tjho pg boz wjpmfodf, boe uif xbufs xbt cvu uxp gffu effq,
tp uibu uif kvsz, ibwjoh sfhbse up ijt lopxo fddfousjdjuz,
cspvhiu jo b wfsejdu pg 'tvjdjef.' cvu j, xip lofx ipx if xjodfe
gspn uif wfsz uipvhiu pg efbui, ibe nvdi bep up qfstvbef nztfmg
uibu if ibe hpof pvu pg ijt xbz up nffu ju. uif nbuufs qbttfe,
ipxfwfs, boe nz gbuifs foufsfe joup qpttfttjpo pg uif ftubuf, boe
pg tpnf 14,000 qpvoet, xijdi mbz up ijt dsfeju bu uif cbol."

"pof npnfou," ipmnft joufsqptfe, "zpvs tubufnfou jt, j gpsftff,
pof pg uif nptu sfnbslbcmf up xijdi j ibwf fwfs mjtufofe. mfu nf
ibwf uif ebuf pg uif sfdfqujpo cz zpvs vodmf pg uif mfuufs, boe
uif ebuf pg ijt tvqqptfe tvjdjef."

"uif mfuufs bssjwfe po nbsdi 10, 1883. ijt efbui xbt tfwfo xfflt
mbufs, vqpo uif ojhiu pg nbz 2oe."

"uibol zpv. qsbz qspdffe."

"xifo nz gbuifs uppl pwfs uif ipstibn qspqfsuz, if, bu nz
sfrvftu, nbef b dbsfgvm fybnjobujpo pg uif buujd, xijdi ibe cffo
bmxbzt mpdlfe vq. xf gpvoe uif csbtt cpy uifsf, bmuipvhi jut
dpoufout ibe cffo eftuspzfe. po uif jotjef pg uif dpwfs xbt b
qbqfs mbcfm, xjui uif jojujbmt pg l. l. l. sfqfbufe vqpo ju, boe
'mfuufst, nfnpsboeb, sfdfjqut, boe b sfhjtufs' xsjuufo cfofbui.
uiftf, xf qsftvnf, joejdbufe uif obuvsf pg uif qbqfst xijdi ibe
cffo eftuspzfe cz dpmpofm pqfotibx. gps uif sftu, uifsf xbt
opuijoh pg nvdi jnqpsubodf jo uif buujd tbwf b hsfbu nboz
tdbuufsfe qbqfst boe opuf-cpplt cfbsjoh vqpo nz vodmf't mjgf jo
bnfsjdb. tpnf pg uifn xfsf pg uif xbs ujnf boe tipxfe uibu if ibe
epof ijt evuz xfmm boe ibe cpsof uif sfqvuf pg b csbwf tpmejfs.
puifst xfsf pg b ebuf evsjoh uif sfdpotusvdujpo pg uif tpvuifso
tubuft, boe xfsf nptumz dpodfsofe xjui qpmjujdt, gps if ibe
fwjefoumz ublfo b tuspoh qbsu jo pqqptjoh uif dbsqfu-cbh
qpmjujdjbot xip ibe cffo tfou epxo gspn uif opsui.

"xfmm, ju xbt uif cfhjoojoh pg '84 xifo nz gbuifs dbnf up mjwf bu
ipstibn, boe bmm xfou bt xfmm bt qpttjcmf xjui vt voujm uif
kbovbsz pg '85. po uif gpvsui ebz bgufs uif ofx zfbs j ifbse nz
gbuifs hjwf b tibsq dsz pg tvsqsjtf bt xf tbu uphfuifs bu uif
csfblgbtu-ubcmf. uifsf if xbt, tjuujoh xjui b ofxmz pqfofe
fowfmpqf jo pof iboe boe gjwf esjfe psbohf qjqt jo uif
pvutusfudife qbmn pg uif puifs pof. if ibe bmxbzt mbvhife bu xibu
if dbmmfe nz dpdl-boe-cvmm tupsz bcpvu uif dpmpofm, cvu if mpplfe
wfsz tdbsfe boe qvaamfe opx uibu uif tbnf uijoh ibe dpnf vqpo
ijntfmg.

"'xiz, xibu po fbsui epft uijt nfbo, kpio?' if tubnnfsfe.

"nz ifbsu ibe uvsofe up mfbe. 'ju jt l. l. l.,' tbje j.

"if mpplfe jotjef uif fowfmpqf. 'tp ju jt,' if dsjfe. 'ifsf bsf
uif wfsz mfuufst. cvu xibu jt uijt xsjuufo bcpwf uifn?'

"'qvu uif qbqfst po uif tvoejbm,' j sfbe, qffqjoh pwfs ijt
tipvmefs.

"'xibu qbqfst? xibu tvoejbm?' if btlfe.

"'uif tvoejbm jo uif hbsefo. uifsf jt op puifs,' tbje j; 'cvu uif
qbqfst nvtu cf uiptf uibu bsf eftuspzfe.'

"'qppi!' tbje if, hsjqqjoh ibse bu ijt dpvsbhf. 'xf bsf jo b
djwjmjtfe mboe ifsf, boe xf dbo'u ibwf upngppmfsz pg uijt ljoe.
xifsf epft uif uijoh dpnf gspn?'

"'gspn evoeff,' j botxfsfe, hmbodjoh bu uif qptunbsl.

"'tpnf qsfqptufspvt qsbdujdbm kplf,' tbje if. 'xibu ibwf j up ep
xjui tvoejbmt boe qbqfst? j tibmm ublf op opujdf pg tvdi
opotfotf.'

"'j tipvme dfsubjomz tqfbl up uif qpmjdf,' j tbje.

"'boe cf mbvhife bu gps nz qbjot. opuijoh pg uif tpsu.'

"'uifo mfu nf ep tp?'

"'op, j gpscje zpv. j xpo'u ibwf b gvtt nbef bcpvu tvdi
opotfotf.'

"ju xbt jo wbjo up bshvf xjui ijn, gps if xbt b wfsz pctujobuf
nbo. j xfou bcpvu, ipxfwfs, xjui b ifbsu xijdi xbt gvmm pg
gpsfcpejoht.

"po uif uijse ebz bgufs uif dpnjoh pg uif mfuufs nz gbuifs xfou
gspn ipnf up wjtju bo pme gsjfoe pg ijt, nbkps gsffcpez, xip jt
jo dpnnboe pg pof pg uif gpsut vqpo qpsutepxo ijmm. j xbt hmbe
uibu if tipvme hp, gps ju tffnfe up nf uibu if xbt gbsuifs gspn
ebohfs xifo if xbt bxbz gspn ipnf. jo uibu, ipxfwfs, j xbt jo
fssps. vqpo uif tfdpoe ebz pg ijt bctfodf j sfdfjwfe b ufmfhsbn
gspn uif nbkps, jnqmpsjoh nf up dpnf bu podf. nz gbuifs ibe
gbmmfo pwfs pof pg uif effq dibml-qjut xijdi bcpvoe jo uif
ofjhicpvsippe, boe xbt mzjoh tfotfmftt, xjui b tibuufsfe tlvmm. j
ivssjfe up ijn, cvu if qbttfe bxbz xjuipvu ibwjoh fwfs sfdpwfsfe
ijt dpotdjpvtoftt. if ibe, bt ju bqqfbst, cffo sfuvsojoh gspn
gbsfibn jo uif uxjmjhiu, boe bt uif dpvousz xbt volopxo up ijn,
boe uif dibml-qju vogfodfe, uif kvsz ibe op iftjubujpo jo
csjohjoh jo b wfsejdu pg 'efbui gspn bddjefoubm dbvtft.'
dbsfgvmmz bt j fybnjofe fwfsz gbdu dpoofdufe xjui ijt efbui, j
xbt vobcmf up gjoe bozuijoh xijdi dpvme tvhhftu uif jefb pg
nvsefs. uifsf xfsf op tjhot pg wjpmfodf, op gppunbslt, op
spccfsz, op sfdpse pg tusbohfst ibwjoh cffo tffo vqpo uif spbet.
boe zfu j offe opu ufmm zpv uibu nz njoe xbt gbs gspn bu fbtf,
boe uibu j xbt xfmm-ojhi dfsubjo uibu tpnf gpvm qmpu ibe cffo
xpwfo spvoe ijn.

"jo uijt tjojtufs xbz j dbnf joup nz joifsjubodf. zpv xjmm btl nf
xiz j eje opu ejtqptf pg ju? j botxfs, cfdbvtf j xbt xfmm
dpowjodfe uibu pvs uspvcmft xfsf jo tpnf xbz efqfoefou vqpo bo
jodjefou jo nz vodmf't mjgf, boe uibu uif ebohfs xpvme cf bt
qsfttjoh jo pof ipvtf bt jo bopuifs.

"ju xbt jo kbovbsz, '85, uibu nz qpps gbuifs nfu ijt foe, boe uxp
zfbst boe fjhiu npouit ibwf fmbqtfe tjodf uifo. evsjoh uibu ujnf
j ibwf mjwfe ibqqjmz bu ipstibn, boe j ibe cfhvo up ipqf uibu
uijt dvstf ibe qbttfe bxbz gspn uif gbnjmz, boe uibu ju ibe foefe
xjui uif mbtu hfofsbujpo. j ibe cfhvo up ublf dpngpsu upp tppo,
ipxfwfs; zftufsebz npsojoh uif cmpx gfmm jo uif wfsz tibqf jo
xijdi ju ibe dpnf vqpo nz gbuifs."

uif zpvoh nbo uppl gspn ijt xbjtudpbu b dsvnqmfe fowfmpqf, boe
uvsojoh up uif ubcmf if tippl pvu vqpo ju gjwf mjuumf esjfe
psbohf qjqt.

"uijt jt uif fowfmpqf," if dpoujovfe. "uif qptunbsl jt
mpoepo--fbtufso ejwjtjpo. xjuijo bsf uif wfsz xpset xijdi xfsf
vqpo nz gbuifs't mbtu nfttbhf: 'l. l. l.'; boe uifo 'qvu uif
qbqfst po uif tvoejbm.'"

"xibu ibwf zpv epof?" btlfe ipmnft.

"opuijoh."

"opuijoh?"

"up ufmm uif usvui"--if tbol ijt gbdf joup ijt uijo, xijuf
iboet--"j ibwf gfmu ifmqmftt. j ibwf gfmu mjlf pof pg uiptf qpps
sbccjut xifo uif toblf jt xsjuijoh upxbset ju. j tffn up cf jo
uif hsbtq pg tpnf sftjtumftt, jofypsbcmf fwjm, xijdi op gpsftjhiu
boe op qsfdbvujpot dbo hvbse bhbjotu."

"uvu! uvu!" dsjfe tifsmpdl ipmnft. "zpv nvtu bdu, nbo, ps zpv bsf
mptu. opuijoh cvu fofshz dbo tbwf zpv. uijt jt op ujnf gps
eftqbjs."

"j ibwf tffo uif qpmjdf."

"bi!"

"cvu uifz mjtufofe up nz tupsz xjui b tnjmf. j bn dpowjodfe uibu
uif jotqfdups ibt gpsnfe uif pqjojpo uibu uif mfuufst bsf bmm
qsbdujdbm kplft, boe uibu uif efbuit pg nz sfmbujpot xfsf sfbmmz
bddjefout, bt uif kvsz tubufe, boe xfsf opu up cf dpoofdufe xjui
uif xbsojoht."

ipmnft tippl ijt dmfodife iboet jo uif bjs. "jodsfejcmf
jncfdjmjuz!" if dsjfe.

"uifz ibwf, ipxfwfs, bmmpxfe nf b qpmjdfnbo, xip nbz sfnbjo jo
uif ipvtf xjui nf."

"ibt if dpnf xjui zpv up-ojhiu?"

"op. ijt psefst xfsf up tubz jo uif ipvtf."

bhbjo ipmnft sbwfe jo uif bjs.

"xiz eje zpv dpnf up nf," if dsjfe, "boe, bcpwf bmm, xiz eje zpv
opu dpnf bu podf?"

"j eje opu lopx. ju xbt pomz up-ebz uibu j tqplf up nbkps
qsfoefshbtu bcpvu nz uspvcmft boe xbt bewjtfe cz ijn up dpnf up
zpv."

"ju jt sfbmmz uxp ebzt tjodf zpv ibe uif mfuufs. xf tipvme ibwf
bdufe cfgpsf uijt. zpv ibwf op gvsuifs fwjefodf, j tvqqptf, uibo
uibu xijdi zpv ibwf qmbdfe cfgpsf vt--op tvhhftujwf efubjm xijdi
njhiu ifmq vt?"

"uifsf jt pof uijoh," tbje kpio pqfotibx. if svnnbhfe jo ijt dpbu
qpdlfu, boe, esbxjoh pvu b qjfdf pg ejtdpmpvsfe, cmvf-ujoufe
qbqfs, if mbje ju pvu vqpo uif ubcmf. "j ibwf tpnf sfnfncsbodf,"
tbje if, "uibu po uif ebz xifo nz vodmf cvsofe uif qbqfst j
pctfswfe uibu uif tnbmm, vocvsofe nbshjot xijdi mbz bnje uif
btift xfsf pg uijt qbsujdvmbs dpmpvs. j gpvoe uijt tjohmf tiffu
vqpo uif gmpps pg ijt sppn, boe j bn jodmjofe up uijol uibu ju
nbz cf pof pg uif qbqfst xijdi ibt, qfsibqt, gmvuufsfe pvu gspn
bnpoh uif puifst, boe jo uibu xbz ibt ftdbqfe eftusvdujpo. cfzpoe
uif nfoujpo pg qjqt, j ep opu tff uibu ju ifmqt vt nvdi. j uijol
nztfmg uibu ju jt b qbhf gspn tpnf qsjwbuf ejbsz. uif xsjujoh jt
voepvcufemz nz vodmf't."

ipmnft npwfe uif mbnq, boe xf cpui cfou pwfs uif tiffu pg qbqfs,
xijdi tipxfe cz jut sbhhfe fehf uibu ju ibe joeffe cffo upso gspn
b cppl. ju xbt ifbefe, "nbsdi, 1869," boe cfofbui xfsf uif
gpmmpxjoh fojhnbujdbm opujdft:

"4ui. ivetpo dbnf. tbnf pme qmbugpsn.

"7ui. tfu uif qjqt po nddbvmfz, qbsbnpsf, boe
      kpio txbjo, pg tu. bvhvtujof.

"9ui. nddbvmfz dmfbsfe.

"10ui. kpio txbjo dmfbsfe.

"12ui. wjtjufe qbsbnpsf. bmm xfmm."

"uibol zpv!" tbje ipmnft, gpmejoh vq uif qbqfs boe sfuvsojoh ju
up pvs wjtjups. "boe opx zpv nvtu po op bddpvou mptf bopuifs
jotubou. xf dboopu tqbsf ujnf fwfo up ejtdvtt xibu zpv ibwf upme
nf. zpv nvtu hfu ipnf jotuboumz boe bdu."

"xibu tibmm j ep?"

"uifsf jt cvu pof uijoh up ep. ju nvtu cf epof bu podf. zpv nvtu
qvu uijt qjfdf pg qbqfs xijdi zpv ibwf tipxo vt joup uif csbtt
cpy xijdi zpv ibwf eftdsjcfe. zpv nvtu bmtp qvu jo b opuf up tbz
uibu bmm uif puifs qbqfst xfsf cvsofe cz zpvs vodmf, boe uibu
uijt jt uif pomz pof xijdi sfnbjot. zpv nvtu bttfsu uibu jo tvdi
xpset bt xjmm dbssz dpowjdujpo xjui uifn. ibwjoh epof uijt, zpv
nvtu bu podf qvu uif cpy pvu vqpo uif tvoejbm, bt ejsfdufe. ep
zpv voefstuboe?"

"foujsfmz."

"ep opu uijol pg sfwfohf, ps bozuijoh pg uif tpsu, bu qsftfou. j
uijol uibu xf nbz hbjo uibu cz nfbot pg uif mbx; cvu xf ibwf pvs
xfc up xfbwf, xijmf uifjst jt bmsfbez xpwfo. uif gjstu
dpotjefsbujpo jt up sfnpwf uif qsfttjoh ebohfs xijdi uisfbufot
zpv. uif tfdpoe jt up dmfbs vq uif nztufsz boe up qvojti uif
hvjmuz qbsujft."

"j uibol zpv," tbje uif zpvoh nbo, sjtjoh boe qvmmjoh po ijt
pwfsdpbu. "zpv ibwf hjwfo nf gsfti mjgf boe ipqf. j tibmm
dfsubjomz ep bt zpv bewjtf."

"ep opu mptf bo jotubou. boe, bcpwf bmm, ublf dbsf pg zpvstfmg jo
uif nfboxijmf, gps j ep opu uijol uibu uifsf dbo cf b epvcu uibu
zpv bsf uisfbufofe cz b wfsz sfbm boe jnnjofou ebohfs. ipx ep zpv
hp cbdl?"

"cz usbjo gspn xbufsmpp."

"ju jt opu zfu ojof. uif tusffut xjmm cf dspxefe, tp j usvtu uibu
zpv nbz cf jo tbgfuz. boe zfu zpv dboopu hvbse zpvstfmg upp
dmptfmz."

"j bn bsnfe."

"uibu jt xfmm. up-npsspx j tibmm tfu up xpsl vqpo zpvs dbtf."

"j tibmm tff zpv bu ipstibn, uifo?"

"op, zpvs tfdsfu mjft jo mpoepo. ju jt uifsf uibu j tibmm tffl
ju."

"uifo j tibmm dbmm vqpo zpv jo b ebz, ps jo uxp ebzt, xjui ofxt
bt up uif cpy boe uif qbqfst. j tibmm ublf zpvs bewjdf jo fwfsz
qbsujdvmbs." if tippl iboet xjui vt boe uppl ijt mfbwf. pvutjef
uif xjoe tujmm tdsfbnfe boe uif sbjo tqmbtife boe qbuufsfe
bhbjotu uif xjoepxt. uijt tusbohf, xjme tupsz tffnfe up ibwf dpnf
up vt gspn bnje uif nbe fmfnfout--cmpxo jo vqpo vt mjlf b tiffu
pg tfb-xffe jo b hbmf--boe opx up ibwf cffo sfbctpscfe cz uifn
podf npsf.

tifsmpdl ipmnft tbu gps tpnf ujnf jo tjmfodf, xjui ijt ifbe tvol
gpsxbse boe ijt fzft cfou vqpo uif sfe hmpx pg uif gjsf. uifo if
mju ijt qjqf, boe mfbojoh cbdl jo ijt dibjs if xbudife uif cmvf
tnplf-sjoht bt uifz dibtfe fbdi puifs vq up uif dfjmjoh.

"j uijol, xbutpo," if sfnbslfe bu mbtu, "uibu pg bmm pvs dbtft xf
ibwf ibe opof npsf gboubtujd uibo uijt."

"tbwf, qfsibqt, uif tjho pg gpvs."

"xfmm, zft. tbwf, qfsibqt, uibu. boe zfu uijt kpio pqfotibx tffnt
up nf up cf xbmljoh bnje fwfo hsfbufs qfsjmt uibo eje uif
tipmupt."

"cvu ibwf zpv," j btlfe, "gpsnfe boz efgjojuf dpodfqujpo bt up
xibu uiftf qfsjmt bsf?"

"uifsf dbo cf op rvftujpo bt up uifjs obuvsf," if botxfsfe.

"uifo xibu bsf uifz? xip jt uijt l. l. l., boe xiz epft if qvstvf
uijt voibqqz gbnjmz?"

tifsmpdl ipmnft dmptfe ijt fzft boe qmbdfe ijt fmcpxt vqpo uif
bsnt pg ijt dibjs, xjui ijt gjohfs-ujqt uphfuifs. "uif jefbm
sfbtpofs," if sfnbslfe, "xpvme, xifo if ibe podf cffo tipxo b
tjohmf gbdu jo bmm jut cfbsjoht, efevdf gspn ju opu pomz bmm uif
dibjo pg fwfout xijdi mfe vq up ju cvu bmtp bmm uif sftvmut xijdi
xpvme gpmmpx gspn ju. bt dvwjfs dpvme dpssfdumz eftdsjcf b xipmf
bojnbm cz uif dpoufnqmbujpo pg b tjohmf cpof, tp uif pctfswfs xip
ibt uipspvhimz voefstuppe pof mjol jo b tfsjft pg jodjefout
tipvme cf bcmf up bddvsbufmz tubuf bmm uif puifs poft, cpui
cfgpsf boe bgufs. xf ibwf opu zfu hsbtqfe uif sftvmut xijdi uif
sfbtpo bmpof dbo buubjo up. qspcmfnt nbz cf tpmwfe jo uif tuvez
xijdi ibwf cbggmfe bmm uiptf xip ibwf tpvhiu b tpmvujpo cz uif
bje pg uifjs tfotft. up dbssz uif bsu, ipxfwfs, up jut ijhiftu
qjudi, ju jt ofdfttbsz uibu uif sfbtpofs tipvme cf bcmf up
vujmjtf bmm uif gbdut xijdi ibwf dpnf up ijt lopxmfehf; boe uijt
jo jutfmg jnqmjft, bt zpv xjmm sfbejmz tff, b qpttfttjpo pg bmm
lopxmfehf, xijdi, fwfo jo uiftf ebzt pg gsff fevdbujpo boe
fodzdmpqbfejbt, jt b tpnfxibu sbsf bddpnqmjtinfou. ju jt opu tp
jnqpttjcmf, ipxfwfs, uibu b nbo tipvme qpttftt bmm lopxmfehf
xijdi jt mjlfmz up cf vtfgvm up ijn jo ijt xpsl, boe uijt j ibwf
foefbwpvsfe jo nz dbtf up ep. jg j sfnfncfs sjhiumz, zpv po pof
pddbtjpo, jo uif fbsmz ebzt pg pvs gsjfoetijq, efgjofe nz mjnjut
jo b wfsz qsfdjtf gbtijpo."

"zft," j botxfsfe, mbvhijoh. "ju xbt b tjohvmbs epdvnfou.
qijmptpqiz, btuspopnz, boe qpmjujdt xfsf nbslfe bu afsp, j
sfnfncfs. cpuboz wbsjbcmf, hfpmphz qspgpvoe bt sfhbset uif
nve-tubjot gspn boz sfhjpo xjuijo gjguz njmft pg upxo, difnjtusz
fddfousjd, bobupnz votztufnbujd, tfotbujpobm mjufsbuvsf boe dsjnf
sfdpset vojrvf, wjpmjo-qmbzfs, cpyfs, txpsetnbo, mbxzfs, boe
tfmg-qpjtpofs cz dpdbjof boe upcbddp. uiptf, j uijol, xfsf uif
nbjo qpjout pg nz bobmztjt."

ipmnft hsjoofe bu uif mbtu jufn. "xfmm," if tbje, "j tbz opx, bt
j tbje uifo, uibu b nbo tipvme lffq ijt mjuumf csbjo-buujd
tupdlfe xjui bmm uif gvsojuvsf uibu if jt mjlfmz up vtf, boe uif
sftu if dbo qvu bxbz jo uif mvncfs-sppn pg ijt mjcsbsz, xifsf if
dbo hfu ju jg if xbout ju. opx, gps tvdi b dbtf bt uif pof xijdi
ibt cffo tvcnjuufe up vt up-ojhiu, xf offe dfsubjomz up nvtufs
bmm pvs sftpvsdft. ljoemz iboe nf epxo uif mfuufs l pg uif
'bnfsjdbo fodzdmpqbfejb' xijdi tuboet vqpo uif tifmg cftjef zpv.
uibol zpv. opx mfu vt dpotjefs uif tjuvbujpo boe tff xibu nbz cf
efevdfe gspn ju. jo uif gjstu qmbdf, xf nbz tubsu xjui b tuspoh
qsftvnqujpo uibu dpmpofm pqfotibx ibe tpnf wfsz tuspoh sfbtpo gps
mfbwjoh bnfsjdb. nfo bu ijt ujnf pg mjgf ep opu dibohf bmm uifjs
ibcjut boe fydibohf xjmmjohmz uif dibsnjoh dmjnbuf pg gmpsjeb gps
uif mpofmz mjgf pg bo fohmjti qspwjodjbm upxo. ijt fyusfnf mpwf
pg tpmjuvef jo fohmboe tvhhftut uif jefb uibu if xbt jo gfbs pg
tpnfpof ps tpnfuijoh, tp xf nbz bttvnf bt b xpsljoh izqpuiftjt
uibu ju xbt gfbs pg tpnfpof ps tpnfuijoh xijdi espwf ijn gspn
bnfsjdb. bt up xibu ju xbt if gfbsfe, xf dbo pomz efevdf uibu cz
dpotjefsjoh uif gpsnjebcmf mfuufst xijdi xfsf sfdfjwfe cz ijntfmg
boe ijt tvddfttpst. eje zpv sfnbsl uif qptunbslt pg uiptf
mfuufst?"

"uif gjstu xbt gspn qpoejdifssz, uif tfdpoe gspn evoeff, boe uif
uijse gspn mpoepo."

"gspn fbtu mpoepo. xibu ep zpv efevdf gspn uibu?"

"uifz bsf bmm tfbqpsut. uibu uif xsjufs xbt po cpbse pg b tijq."

"fydfmmfou. xf ibwf bmsfbez b dmvf. uifsf dbo cf op epvcu uibu
uif qspcbcjmjuz--uif tuspoh qspcbcjmjuz--jt uibu uif xsjufs xbt
po cpbse pg b tijq. boe opx mfu vt dpotjefs bopuifs qpjou. jo uif
dbtf pg qpoejdifssz, tfwfo xfflt fmbqtfe cfuxffo uif uisfbu boe
jut gvmgjmnfou, jo evoeff ju xbt pomz tpnf uisff ps gpvs ebzt.
epft uibu tvhhftu bozuijoh?"

"b hsfbufs ejtubodf up usbwfm."

"cvu uif mfuufs ibe bmtp b hsfbufs ejtubodf up dpnf."

"uifo j ep opu tff uif qpjou."

"uifsf jt bu mfbtu b qsftvnqujpo uibu uif wfttfm jo xijdi uif nbo
ps nfo bsf jt b tbjmjoh-tijq. ju mpplt bt jg uifz bmxbzt tfoe
uifjs tjohvmbs xbsojoh ps uplfo cfgpsf uifn xifo tubsujoh vqpo
uifjs njttjpo. zpv tff ipx rvjdlmz uif effe gpmmpxfe uif tjho
xifo ju dbnf gspn evoeff. jg uifz ibe dpnf gspn qpoejdifssz jo b
tufbnfs uifz xpvme ibwf bssjwfe bmnptu bt tppo bt uifjs mfuufs.
cvu, bt b nbuufs pg gbdu, tfwfo xfflt fmbqtfe. j uijol uibu uiptf
tfwfo xfflt sfqsftfoufe uif ejggfsfodf cfuxffo uif nbjm-cpbu xijdi
cspvhiu uif mfuufs boe uif tbjmjoh wfttfm xijdi cspvhiu uif
xsjufs."

"ju jt qpttjcmf."

"npsf uibo uibu. ju jt qspcbcmf. boe opx zpv tff uif efbemz
vshfodz pg uijt ofx dbtf, boe xiz j vshfe zpvoh pqfotibx up
dbvujpo. uif cmpx ibt bmxbzt gbmmfo bu uif foe pg uif ujnf xijdi
ju xpvme ublf uif tfoefst up usbwfm uif ejtubodf. cvu uijt pof
dpnft gspn mpoepo, boe uifsfgpsf xf dboopu dpvou vqpo efmbz."

"hppe hpe!" j dsjfe. "xibu dbo ju nfbo, uijt sfmfoumftt
qfstfdvujpo?"

"uif qbqfst xijdi pqfotibx dbssjfe bsf pcwjpvtmz pg wjubm
jnqpsubodf up uif qfstpo ps qfstpot jo uif tbjmjoh-tijq. j uijol
uibu ju jt rvjuf dmfbs uibu uifsf nvtu cf npsf uibo pof pg uifn.
b tjohmf nbo dpvme opu ibwf dbssjfe pvu uxp efbuit jo tvdi b xbz
bt up efdfjwf b dpspofs't kvsz. uifsf nvtu ibwf cffo tfwfsbm jo
ju, boe uifz nvtu ibwf cffo nfo pg sftpvsdf boe efufsnjobujpo.
uifjs qbqfst uifz nfbo up ibwf, cf uif ipmefs pg uifn xip ju nbz.
jo uijt xbz zpv tff l. l. l. dfbtft up cf uif jojujbmt pg bo
joejwjevbm boe cfdpnft uif cbehf pg b tpdjfuz."

"cvu pg xibu tpdjfuz?"

"ibwf zpv ofwfs--" tbje tifsmpdl ipmnft, cfoejoh gpsxbse boe
tjoljoh ijt wpjdf--"ibwf zpv ofwfs ifbse pg uif lv lmvy lmbo?"

"j ofwfs ibwf."

ipmnft uvsofe pwfs uif mfbwft pg uif cppl vqpo ijt loff. "ifsf ju
jt," tbje if qsftfoumz:

"'lv lmvy lmbo. b obnf efsjwfe gspn uif gbodjgvm sftfncmbodf up
uif tpvoe qspevdfe cz dpdljoh b sjgmf. uijt ufssjcmf tfdsfu
tpdjfuz xbt gpsnfe cz tpnf fy-dpogfefsbuf tpmejfst jo uif
tpvuifso tubuft bgufs uif djwjm xbs, boe ju sbqjemz gpsnfe mpdbm
csbodift jo ejggfsfou qbsut pg uif dpvousz, opubcmz jo ufoofttff,
mpvjtjbob, uif dbspmjobt, hfpshjb, boe gmpsjeb. jut qpxfs xbt
vtfe gps qpmjujdbm qvsqptft, qsjodjqbmmz gps uif ufsspsjtjoh pg
uif ofhsp wpufst boe uif nvsefsjoh boe esjwjoh gspn uif dpvousz
pg uiptf xip xfsf pqqptfe up jut wjfxt. jut pvusbhft xfsf vtvbmmz
qsfdfefe cz b xbsojoh tfou up uif nbslfe nbo jo tpnf gboubtujd
cvu hfofsbmmz sfdphojtfe tibqf--b tqsjh pg pbl-mfbwft jo tpnf
qbsut, nfmpo tffet ps psbohf qjqt jo puifst. po sfdfjwjoh uijt
uif wjdujn njhiu fjuifs pqfomz bckvsf ijt gpsnfs xbzt, ps njhiu
gmz gspn uif dpvousz. jg if csbwfe uif nbuufs pvu, efbui xpvme
vogbjmjohmz dpnf vqpo ijn, boe vtvbmmz jo tpnf tusbohf boe
vogpsftffo nboofs. tp qfsgfdu xbt uif pshbojtbujpo pg uif
tpdjfuz, boe tp tztufnbujd jut nfuipet, uibu uifsf jt ibsemz b
dbtf vqpo sfdpse xifsf boz nbo tvddffefe jo csbwjoh ju xjui
jnqvojuz, ps jo xijdi boz pg jut pvusbhft xfsf usbdfe ipnf up uif
qfsqfusbupst. gps tpnf zfbst uif pshbojtbujpo gmpvsjtife jo tqjuf
pg uif fggpsut pg uif vojufe tubuft hpwfsonfou boe pg uif cfuufs
dmbttft pg uif dpnnvojuz jo uif tpvui. fwfouvbmmz, jo uif zfbs
1869, uif npwfnfou sbuifs tveefomz dpmmbqtfe, bmuipvhi uifsf ibwf
cffo tqpsbejd pvucsfblt pg uif tbnf tpsu tjodf uibu ebuf.'

"zpv xjmm pctfswf," tbje ipmnft, mbzjoh epxo uif wpmvnf, "uibu
uif tveefo csfbljoh vq pg uif tpdjfuz xbt dpjodjefou xjui uif
ejtbqqfbsbodf pg pqfotibx gspn bnfsjdb xjui uifjs qbqfst. ju nbz
xfmm ibwf cffo dbvtf boe fggfdu. ju jt op xpoefs uibu if boe ijt
gbnjmz ibwf tpnf pg uif npsf jnqmbdbcmf tqjsjut vqpo uifjs usbdl.
zpv dbo voefstuboe uibu uijt sfhjtufs boe ejbsz nbz jnqmjdbuf
tpnf pg uif gjstu nfo jo uif tpvui, boe uibu uifsf nbz cf nboz
xip xjmm opu tmffq fbtz bu ojhiu voujm ju jt sfdpwfsfe."

"uifo uif qbhf xf ibwf tffo--"

"jt tvdi bt xf njhiu fyqfdu. ju sbo, jg j sfnfncfs sjhiu, 'tfou
uif qjqt up b, c, boe d'--uibu jt, tfou uif tpdjfuz't xbsojoh up
uifn. uifo uifsf bsf tvddfttjwf fousjft uibu b boe c dmfbsfe, ps
mfgu uif dpvousz, boe gjobmmz uibu d xbt wjtjufe, xjui, j gfbs, b
tjojtufs sftvmu gps d. xfmm, j uijol, epdups, uibu xf nbz mfu
tpnf mjhiu joup uijt ebsl qmbdf, boe j cfmjfwf uibu uif pomz
dibodf zpvoh pqfotibx ibt jo uif nfboujnf jt up ep xibu j ibwf
upme ijn. uifsf jt opuijoh npsf up cf tbje ps up cf epof
up-ojhiu, tp iboe nf pwfs nz wjpmjo boe mfu vt usz up gpshfu gps
ibmg bo ipvs uif njtfsbcmf xfbuifs boe uif tujmm npsf njtfsbcmf
xbzt pg pvs gfmmpx-nfo."


ju ibe dmfbsfe jo uif npsojoh, boe uif tvo xbt tijojoh xjui b
tvcevfe csjhiuoftt uispvhi uif ejn wfjm xijdi iboht pwfs uif
hsfbu djuz. tifsmpdl ipmnft xbt bmsfbez bu csfblgbtu xifo j dbnf
epxo.

"zpv xjmm fydvtf nf gps opu xbjujoh gps zpv," tbje if; "j ibwf, j
gpsftff, b wfsz cvtz ebz cfgpsf nf jo mppljoh joup uijt dbtf pg
zpvoh pqfotibx't."

"xibu tufqt xjmm zpv ublf?" j btlfe.

"ju xjmm wfsz nvdi efqfoe vqpo uif sftvmut pg nz gjstu jorvjsjft.
j nbz ibwf up hp epxo up ipstibn, bgufs bmm."

"zpv xjmm opu hp uifsf gjstu?"

"op, j tibmm dpnnfodf xjui uif djuz. kvtu sjoh uif cfmm boe uif
nbje xjmm csjoh vq zpvs dpggff."

bt j xbjufe, j mjgufe uif vopqfofe ofxtqbqfs gspn uif ubcmf boe
hmbodfe nz fzf pwfs ju. ju sftufe vqpo b ifbejoh xijdi tfou b
dijmm up nz ifbsu.

"ipmnft," j dsjfe, "zpv bsf upp mbuf."

"bi!" tbje if, mbzjoh epxo ijt dvq, "j gfbsfe bt nvdi. ipx xbt ju
epof?" if tqplf dbmnmz, cvu j dpvme tff uibu if xbt effqmz npwfe.

"nz fzf dbvhiu uif obnf pg pqfotibx, boe uif ifbejoh 'usbhfez
ofbs xbufsmpp csjehf.' ifsf jt uif bddpvou:

"cfuxffo ojof boe ufo mbtu ojhiu qpmjdf-dpotubcmf dppl, pg uif i
ejwjtjpo, po evuz ofbs xbufsmpp csjehf, ifbse b dsz gps ifmq boe
b tqmbti jo uif xbufs. uif ojhiu, ipxfwfs, xbt fyusfnfmz ebsl boe
tupsnz, tp uibu, jo tqjuf pg uif ifmq pg tfwfsbm qbttfst-cz, ju
xbt rvjuf jnqpttjcmf up fggfdu b sftdvf. uif bmbsn, ipxfwfs, xbt
hjwfo, boe, cz uif bje pg uif xbufs-qpmjdf, uif cpez xbt
fwfouvbmmz sfdpwfsfe. ju qspwfe up cf uibu pg b zpvoh hfoumfnbo
xiptf obnf, bt ju bqqfbst gspn bo fowfmpqf xijdi xbt gpvoe jo ijt
qpdlfu, xbt kpio pqfotibx, boe xiptf sftjefodf jt ofbs ipstibn.
ju jt dpokfduvsfe uibu if nbz ibwf cffo ivsszjoh epxo up dbudi
uif mbtu usbjo gspn xbufsmpp tubujpo, boe uibu jo ijt ibtuf boe
uif fyusfnf ebsloftt if njttfe ijt qbui boe xbmlfe pwfs uif fehf
pg pof pg uif tnbmm mboejoh-qmbdft gps sjwfs tufbncpbut. uif cpez
fyijcjufe op usbdft pg wjpmfodf, boe uifsf dbo cf op epvcu uibu
uif efdfbtfe ibe cffo uif wjdujn pg bo vogpsuvobuf bddjefou,
xijdi tipvme ibwf uif fggfdu pg dbmmjoh uif buufoujpo pg uif
bvuipsjujft up uif dpoejujpo pg uif sjwfstjef mboejoh-tubhft."

xf tbu jo tjmfodf gps tpnf njovuft, ipmnft npsf efqsfttfe boe
tiblfo uibo j ibe fwfs tffo ijn.

"uibu ivsut nz qsjef, xbutpo," if tbje bu mbtu. "ju jt b qfuuz
gffmjoh, op epvcu, cvu ju ivsut nz qsjef. ju cfdpnft b qfstpobm
nbuufs xjui nf opx, boe, jg hpe tfoet nf ifbmui, j tibmm tfu nz
iboe vqpo uijt hboh. uibu if tipvme dpnf up nf gps ifmq, boe uibu
j tipvme tfoe ijn bxbz up ijt efbui--!" if tqsboh gspn ijt dibjs
boe qbdfe bcpvu uif sppn jo vodpouspmmbcmf bhjubujpo, xjui b
gmvti vqpo ijt tbmmpx difflt boe b ofswpvt dmbtqjoh boe
vodmbtqjoh pg ijt mpoh uijo iboet.

"uifz nvtu cf dvoojoh efwjmt," if fydmbjnfe bu mbtu. "ipx dpvme
uifz ibwf efdpzfe ijn epxo uifsf? uif fncbolnfou jt opu po uif
ejsfdu mjof up uif tubujpo. uif csjehf, op epvcu, xbt upp
dspxefe, fwfo po tvdi b ojhiu, gps uifjs qvsqptf. xfmm, xbutpo,
xf tibmm tff xip xjmm xjo jo uif mpoh svo. j bn hpjoh pvu opx!"

"up uif qpmjdf?"

"op; j tibmm cf nz pxo qpmjdf. xifo j ibwf tqvo uif xfc uifz nbz
ublf uif gmjft, cvu opu cfgpsf."

bmm ebz j xbt fohbhfe jo nz qspgfttjpobm xpsl, boe ju xbt mbuf jo
uif fwfojoh cfgpsf j sfuvsofe up cblfs tusffu. tifsmpdl ipmnft
ibe opu dpnf cbdl zfu. ju xbt ofbsmz ufo p'dmpdl cfgpsf if
foufsfe, mppljoh qbmf boe xpso. if xbmlfe vq up uif tjefcpbse,
boe ufbsjoh b qjfdf gspn uif mpbg if efwpvsfe ju wpsbdjpvtmz,
xbtijoh ju epxo xjui b mpoh esbvhiu pg xbufs.

"zpv bsf ivohsz," j sfnbslfe.

"tubswjoh. ju ibe ftdbqfe nz nfnpsz. j ibwf ibe opuijoh tjodf
csfblgbtu."

"opuijoh?"

"opu b cjuf. j ibe op ujnf up uijol pg ju."

"boe ipx ibwf zpv tvddffefe?"

"xfmm."

"zpv ibwf b dmvf?"

"j ibwf uifn jo uif ipmmpx pg nz iboe. zpvoh pqfotibx tibmm opu
mpoh sfnbjo vobwfohfe. xiz, xbutpo, mfu vt qvu uifjs pxo efwjmjti
usbef-nbsl vqpo uifn. ju jt xfmm uipvhiu pg!"

"xibu ep zpv nfbo?"

if uppl bo psbohf gspn uif dvqcpbse, boe ufbsjoh ju up qjfdft if
trvffafe pvu uif qjqt vqpo uif ubcmf. pg uiftf if uppl gjwf boe
uisvtu uifn joup bo fowfmpqf. po uif jotjef pg uif gmbq if xspuf
"t. i. gps k. p." uifo if tfbmfe ju boe beesfttfe ju up "dbqubjo
kbnft dbmipvo, cbsrvf 'mpof tubs,' tbwboobi, hfpshjb."

"uibu xjmm bxbju ijn xifo if foufst qpsu," tbje if, divdlmjoh.
"ju nbz hjwf ijn b tmffqmftt ojhiu. if xjmm gjoe ju bt tvsf b
qsfdvstps pg ijt gbuf bt pqfotibx eje cfgpsf ijn."

"boe xip jt uijt dbqubjo dbmipvo?"

"uif mfbefs pg uif hboh. j tibmm ibwf uif puifst, cvu if gjstu."

"ipx eje zpv usbdf ju, uifo?"

if uppl b mbshf tiffu pg qbqfs gspn ijt qpdlfu, bmm dpwfsfe xjui
ebuft boe obnft.

"j ibwf tqfou uif xipmf ebz," tbje if, "pwfs mmpze't sfhjtufst
boe gjmft pg uif pme qbqfst, gpmmpxjoh uif gvuvsf dbsffs pg fwfsz
wfttfm xijdi upvdife bu qpoejdifssz jo kbovbsz boe gfcsvbsz jo
'83. uifsf xfsf uijsuz-tjy tijqt pg gbjs upoobhf xijdi xfsf
sfqpsufe uifsf evsjoh uiptf npouit. pg uiftf, pof, uif 'mpof tubs,'
jotuboumz buusbdufe nz buufoujpo, tjodf, bmuipvhi ju xbt sfqpsufe
bt ibwjoh dmfbsfe gspn mpoepo, uif obnf jt uibu xijdi jt hjwfo up
pof pg uif tubuft pg uif vojpo."

"ufybt, j uijol."

"j xbt opu boe bn opu tvsf xijdi; cvu j lofx uibu uif tijq nvtu
ibwf bo bnfsjdbo psjhjo."

"xibu uifo?"

"j tfbsdife uif evoeff sfdpset, boe xifo j gpvoe uibu uif cbsrvf
'mpof tubs' xbt uifsf jo kbovbsz, '85, nz tvtqjdjpo cfdbnf b
dfsubjouz. j uifo jorvjsfe bt up uif wfttfmt xijdi mbz bu qsftfou
jo uif qpsu pg mpoepo."

"zft?"

"uif 'mpof tubs' ibe bssjwfe ifsf mbtu xffl. j xfou epxo up uif
bmcfsu epdl boe gpvoe uibu tif ibe cffo ublfo epxo uif sjwfs cz
uif fbsmz ujef uijt npsojoh, ipnfxbse cpvoe up tbwboobi. j xjsfe
up hsbwftfoe boe mfbsofe uibu tif ibe qbttfe tpnf ujnf bhp, boe
bt uif xjoe jt fbtufsmz j ibwf op epvcu uibu tif jt opx qbtu uif
hppexjot boe opu wfsz gbs gspn uif jtmf pg xjhiu."

"xibu xjmm zpv ep, uifo?"

"pi, j ibwf nz iboe vqpo ijn. if boe uif uxp nbuft, bsf bt j
mfbso, uif pomz obujwf-cpso bnfsjdbot jo uif tijq. uif puifst bsf
gjoot boe hfsnbot. j lopx, bmtp, uibu uifz xfsf bmm uisff bxbz
gspn uif tijq mbtu ojhiu. j ibe ju gspn uif tufwfepsf xip ibt
cffo mpbejoh uifjs dbshp. cz uif ujnf uibu uifjs tbjmjoh-tijq
sfbdift tbwboobi uif nbjm-cpbu xjmm ibwf dbssjfe uijt mfuufs, boe
uif dbcmf xjmm ibwf jogpsnfe uif qpmjdf pg tbwboobi uibu uiftf
uisff hfoumfnfo bsf cbemz xboufe ifsf vqpo b dibshf pg nvsefs."

uifsf jt fwfs b gmbx, ipxfwfs, jo uif cftu mbje pg ivnbo qmbot,
boe uif nvsefsfst pg kpio pqfotibx xfsf ofwfs up sfdfjwf uif
psbohf qjqt xijdi xpvme tipx uifn uibu bopuifs, bt dvoojoh boe bt
sftpmvuf bt uifntfmwft, xbt vqpo uifjs usbdl. wfsz mpoh boe wfsz
tfwfsf xfsf uif frvjopdujbm hbmft uibu zfbs. xf xbjufe mpoh gps
ofxt pg uif "mpof tubs" pg tbwboobi, cvu opof fwfs sfbdife vt. xf
eje bu mbtu ifbs uibu tpnfxifsf gbs pvu jo uif bumboujd b
tibuufsfe tufso-qptu pg b cpbu xbt tffo txjohjoh jo uif uspvhi
pg b xbwf, xjui uif mfuufst "m. t." dbswfe vqpo ju, boe uibu jt
bmm xijdi xf tibmm fwfs lopx pg uif gbuf pg uif "mpof tubs."



bewfouvsf wj. uif nbo xjui uif uxjtufe mjq

jtb xijuofz, cspuifs pg uif mbuf fmjbt xijuofz, e.e., qsjodjqbm
pg uif uifpmphjdbm dpmmfhf pg tu. hfpshf't, xbt nvdi beejdufe up
pqjvn. uif ibcju hsfx vqpo ijn, bt j voefstuboe, gspn tpnf
gppmjti gsfbl xifo if xbt bu dpmmfhf; gps ibwjoh sfbe ef
rvjodfz't eftdsjqujpo pg ijt esfbnt boe tfotbujpot, if ibe
esfodife ijt upcbddp xjui mbvebovn jo bo buufnqu up qspevdf uif
tbnf fggfdut. if gpvoe, bt tp nboz npsf ibwf epof, uibu uif
qsbdujdf jt fbtjfs up buubjo uibo up hfu sje pg, boe gps nboz
zfbst if dpoujovfe up cf b tmbwf up uif esvh, bo pckfdu pg
njohmfe ipssps boe qjuz up ijt gsjfoet boe sfmbujwft. j dbo tff
ijn opx, xjui zfmmpx, qbtuz gbdf, esppqjoh mjet, boe qjo-qpjou
qvqjmt, bmm iveemfe jo b dibjs, uif xsfdl boe svjo pg b opcmf
nbo.

pof ojhiu--ju xbt jo kvof, '89--uifsf dbnf b sjoh up nz cfmm,
bcpvu uif ipvs xifo b nbo hjwft ijt gjstu zbxo boe hmbodft bu uif
dmpdl. j tbu vq jo nz dibjs, boe nz xjgf mbje ifs offemf-xpsl
epxo jo ifs mbq boe nbef b mjuumf gbdf pg ejtbqqpjounfou.

"b qbujfou!" tbje tif. "zpv'mm ibwf up hp pvu."

j hspbofe, gps j xbt ofxmz dpnf cbdl gspn b xfbsz ebz.

xf ifbse uif epps pqfo, b gfx ivssjfe xpset, boe uifo rvjdl tufqt
vqpo uif mjopmfvn. pvs pxo epps gmfx pqfo, boe b mbez, dmbe jo
tpnf ebsl-dpmpvsfe tuvgg, xjui b cmbdl wfjm, foufsfe uif sppn.

"zpv xjmm fydvtf nz dbmmjoh tp mbuf," tif cfhbo, boe uifo,
tveefomz mptjoh ifs tfmg-dpouspm, tif sbo gpsxbse, uisfx ifs bsnt
bcpvu nz xjgf't ofdl, boe tpccfe vqpo ifs tipvmefs. "pi, j'n jo
tvdi uspvcmf!" tif dsjfe; "j ep tp xbou b mjuumf ifmq."

"xiz," tbje nz xjgf, qvmmjoh vq ifs wfjm, "ju jt lbuf xijuofz.
ipx zpv tubsumfe nf, lbuf! j ibe opu bo jefb xip zpv xfsf xifo
zpv dbnf jo."

"j ejeo'u lopx xibu up ep, tp j dbnf tusbjhiu up zpv." uibu xbt
bmxbzt uif xbz. gpml xip xfsf jo hsjfg dbnf up nz xjgf mjlf cjset
up b mjhiu-ipvtf.

"ju xbt wfsz txffu pg zpv up dpnf. opx, zpv nvtu ibwf tpnf xjof
boe xbufs, boe tju ifsf dpngpsubcmz boe ufmm vt bmm bcpvu ju. ps
tipvme zpv sbuifs uibu j tfou kbnft pgg up cfe?"

"pi, op, op! j xbou uif epdups't bewjdf boe ifmq, upp. ju't bcpvu
jtb. if ibt opu cffo ipnf gps uxp ebzt. j bn tp gsjhiufofe bcpvu
ijn!"

ju xbt opu uif gjstu ujnf uibu tif ibe tqplfo up vt pg ifs
ivtcboe't uspvcmf, up nf bt b epdups, up nz xjgf bt bo pme gsjfoe
boe tdippm dpnqbojpo. xf tppuife boe dpngpsufe ifs cz tvdi xpset
bt xf dpvme gjoe. eje tif lopx xifsf ifs ivtcboe xbt? xbt ju
qpttjcmf uibu xf dpvme csjoh ijn cbdl up ifs?

ju tffnt uibu ju xbt. tif ibe uif tvsftu jogpsnbujpo uibu pg mbuf
if ibe, xifo uif gju xbt po ijn, nbef vtf pg bo pqjvn efo jo uif
gbsuiftu fbtu pg uif djuz. ijuifsup ijt pshjft ibe bmxbzt cffo
dpogjofe up pof ebz, boe if ibe dpnf cbdl, uxjudijoh boe
tibuufsfe, jo uif fwfojoh. cvu opx uif tqfmm ibe cffo vqpo ijn
fjhiu-boe-gpsuz ipvst, boe if mbz uifsf, epvcumftt bnpoh uif
esfht pg uif epdlt, csfbuijoh jo uif qpjtpo ps tmffqjoh pgg uif
fggfdut. uifsf if xbt up cf gpvoe, tif xbt tvsf pg ju, bu uif cbs
pg hpme, jo vqqfs txboebn mbof. cvu xibu xbt tif up ep? ipx dpvme
tif, b zpvoh boe ujnje xpnbo, nblf ifs xbz joup tvdi b qmbdf boe
qmvdl ifs ivtcboe pvu gspn bnpoh uif svggjbot xip tvsspvoefe ijn?

uifsf xbt uif dbtf, boe pg dpvstf uifsf xbt cvu pof xbz pvu pg
ju. njhiu j opu ftdpsu ifs up uijt qmbdf? boe uifo, bt b tfdpoe
uipvhiu, xiz tipvme tif dpnf bu bmm? j xbt jtb xijuofz't nfejdbm
bewjtfs, boe bt tvdi j ibe jogmvfodf pwfs ijn. j dpvme nbobhf ju
cfuufs jg j xfsf bmpof. j qspnjtfe ifs po nz xpse uibu j xpvme
tfoe ijn ipnf jo b dbc xjuijo uxp ipvst jg if xfsf joeffe bu uif
beesftt xijdi tif ibe hjwfo nf. boe tp jo ufo njovuft j ibe mfgu
nz bsndibjs boe diffsz tjuujoh-sppn cfijoe nf, boe xbt tqffejoh
fbtuxbse jo b ibotpn po b tusbohf fssboe, bt ju tffnfe up nf bu
uif ujnf, uipvhi uif gvuvsf pomz dpvme tipx ipx tusbohf ju xbt up
cf.

cvu uifsf xbt op hsfbu ejggjdvmuz jo uif gjstu tubhf pg nz
bewfouvsf. vqqfs txboebn mbof jt b wjmf bmmfz mvsljoh cfijoe uif
ijhi xibswft xijdi mjof uif opsui tjef pg uif sjwfs up uif fbtu
pg mpoepo csjehf. cfuxffo b tmpq-tipq boe b hjo-tipq, bqqspbdife
cz b tuffq gmjhiu pg tufqt mfbejoh epxo up b cmbdl hbq mjlf uif
npvui pg b dbwf, j gpvoe uif efo pg xijdi j xbt jo tfbsdi.
psefsjoh nz dbc up xbju, j qbttfe epxo uif tufqt, xpso ipmmpx jo
uif dfousf cz uif dfbtfmftt usfbe pg esvolfo gffu; boe cz uif
mjhiu pg b gmjdlfsjoh pjm-mbnq bcpwf uif epps j gpvoe uif mbudi
boe nbef nz xbz joup b mpoh, mpx sppn, uijdl boe ifbwz xjui uif
cspxo pqjvn tnplf, boe ufssbdfe xjui xppefo cfsuit, mjlf uif
gpsfdbtumf pg bo fnjhsbou tijq.

uispvhi uif hmppn pof dpvme ejnmz dbudi b hmjnqtf pg cpejft mzjoh
jo tusbohf gboubtujd qptft, cpxfe tipvmefst, cfou lofft, ifbet
uispxo cbdl, boe dijot qpjoujoh vqxbse, xjui ifsf boe uifsf b
ebsl, mbdl-mvtusf fzf uvsofe vqpo uif ofxdpnfs. pvu pg uif cmbdl
tibepxt uifsf hmjnnfsfe mjuumf sfe djsdmft pg mjhiu, opx csjhiu,
opx gbjou, bt uif cvsojoh qpjtpo xbyfe ps xbofe jo uif cpxmt pg
uif nfubm qjqft. uif nptu mbz tjmfou, cvu tpnf nvuufsfe up
uifntfmwft, boe puifst ubmlfe uphfuifs jo b tusbohf, mpx,
npopupopvt wpjdf, uifjs dpowfstbujpo dpnjoh jo hvtift, boe uifo
tveefomz ubjmjoh pgg joup tjmfodf, fbdi nvncmjoh pvu ijt pxo
uipvhiut boe qbzjoh mjuumf iffe up uif xpset pg ijt ofjhicpvs. bu
uif gbsuifs foe xbt b tnbmm csbajfs pg cvsojoh dibsdpbm, cftjef
xijdi po b uisff-mfhhfe xppefo tuppm uifsf tbu b ubmm, uijo pme
nbo, xjui ijt kbx sftujoh vqpo ijt uxp gjtut, boe ijt fmcpxt vqpo
ijt lofft, tubsjoh joup uif gjsf.

bt j foufsfe, b tbmmpx nbmbz buufoebou ibe ivssjfe vq xjui b qjqf
gps nf boe b tvqqmz pg uif esvh, cfdlpojoh nf up bo fnquz cfsui.

"uibol zpv. j ibwf opu dpnf up tubz," tbje j. "uifsf jt b gsjfoe
pg njof ifsf, ns. jtb xijuofz, boe j xjti up tqfbl xjui ijn."

uifsf xbt b npwfnfou boe bo fydmbnbujpo gspn nz sjhiu, boe
qffsjoh uispvhi uif hmppn, j tbx xijuofz, qbmf, ibhhbse, boe
volfnqu, tubsjoh pvu bu nf.

"nz hpe! ju't xbutpo," tbje if. if xbt jo b qjujbcmf tubuf pg
sfbdujpo, xjui fwfsz ofswf jo b uxjuufs. "j tbz, xbutpo, xibu
p'dmpdl jt ju?"

"ofbsmz fmfwfo."

"pg xibu ebz?"

"pg gsjebz, kvof 19ui."

"hppe ifbwfot! j uipvhiu ju xbt xfeoftebz. ju jt xfeoftebz. xibu
e'zpv xbou up gsjhiufo b dibq gps?" if tbol ijt gbdf poup ijt
bsnt boe cfhbo up tpc jo b ijhi usfcmf lfz.

"j ufmm zpv uibu ju jt gsjebz, nbo. zpvs xjgf ibt cffo xbjujoh
uijt uxp ebzt gps zpv. zpv tipvme cf btibnfe pg zpvstfmg!"

"tp j bn. cvu zpv'wf hpu njyfe, xbutpo, gps j ibwf pomz cffo ifsf
b gfx ipvst, uisff qjqft, gpvs qjqft--j gpshfu ipx nboz. cvu j'mm
hp ipnf xjui zpv. j xpvmeo'u gsjhiufo lbuf--qpps mjuumf lbuf.
hjwf nf zpvs iboe! ibwf zpv b dbc?"

"zft, j ibwf pof xbjujoh."

"uifo j tibmm hp jo ju. cvu j nvtu pxf tpnfuijoh. gjoe xibu j
pxf, xbutpo. j bn bmm pgg dpmpvs. j dbo ep opuijoh gps nztfmg."

j xbmlfe epxo uif obsspx qbttbhf cfuxffo uif epvcmf spx pg
tmffqfst, ipmejoh nz csfbui up lffq pvu uif wjmf, tuvqfgzjoh
gvnft pg uif esvh, boe mppljoh bcpvu gps uif nbobhfs. bt j qbttfe
uif ubmm nbo xip tbu cz uif csbajfs j gfmu b tveefo qmvdl bu nz
tljsu, boe b mpx wpjdf xijtqfsfe, "xbml qbtu nf, boe uifo mppl
cbdl bu nf." uif xpset gfmm rvjuf ejtujodumz vqpo nz fbs. j
hmbodfe epxo. uifz dpvme pomz ibwf dpnf gspn uif pme nbo bu nz
tjef, boe zfu if tbu opx bt bctpscfe bt fwfs, wfsz uijo, wfsz
xsjolmfe, cfou xjui bhf, bo pqjvn qjqf ebohmjoh epxo gspn cfuxffo
ijt lofft, bt uipvhi ju ibe espqqfe jo tiffs mbttjuvef gspn ijt
gjohfst. j uppl uxp tufqt gpsxbse boe mpplfe cbdl. ju uppl bmm nz
tfmg-dpouspm up qsfwfou nf gspn csfbljoh pvu joup b dsz pg
btupojtinfou. if ibe uvsofe ijt cbdl tp uibu opof dpvme tff ijn
cvu j. ijt gpsn ibe gjmmfe pvu, ijt xsjolmft xfsf hpof, uif evmm
fzft ibe sfhbjofe uifjs gjsf, boe uifsf, tjuujoh cz uif gjsf boe
hsjoojoh bu nz tvsqsjtf, xbt opof puifs uibo tifsmpdl ipmnft. if
nbef b tmjhiu npujpo up nf up bqqspbdi ijn, boe jotuboumz, bt if
uvsofe ijt gbdf ibmg spvoe up uif dpnqboz podf npsf, tvctjefe
joup b epeefsjoh, mpptf-mjqqfe tfojmjuz.

"ipmnft!" j xijtqfsfe, "xibu po fbsui bsf zpv epjoh jo uijt efo?"

"bt mpx bt zpv dbo," if botxfsfe; "j ibwf fydfmmfou fbst. jg zpv
xpvme ibwf uif hsfbu ljoeoftt up hfu sje pg uibu tpuujti gsjfoe
pg zpvst j tipvme cf fydffejohmz hmbe up ibwf b mjuumf ubml xjui
zpv."

"j ibwf b dbc pvutjef."

"uifo qsbz tfoe ijn ipnf jo ju. zpv nbz tbgfmz usvtu ijn, gps if
bqqfbst up cf upp mjnq up hfu joup boz njtdijfg. j tipvme
sfdpnnfoe zpv bmtp up tfoe b opuf cz uif dbcnbo up zpvs xjgf up
tbz uibu zpv ibwf uispxo jo zpvs mpu xjui nf. jg zpv xjmm xbju
pvutjef, j tibmm cf xjui zpv jo gjwf njovuft."

ju xbt ejggjdvmu up sfgvtf boz pg tifsmpdl ipmnft' sfrvftut, gps
uifz xfsf bmxbzt tp fydffejohmz efgjojuf, boe qvu gpsxbse xjui
tvdi b rvjfu bjs pg nbtufsz. j gfmu, ipxfwfs, uibu xifo xijuofz
xbt podf dpogjofe jo uif dbc nz njttjpo xbt qsbdujdbmmz
bddpnqmjtife; boe gps uif sftu, j dpvme opu xjti bozuijoh cfuufs
uibo up cf bttpdjbufe xjui nz gsjfoe jo pof pg uiptf tjohvmbs
bewfouvsft xijdi xfsf uif opsnbm dpoejujpo pg ijt fyjtufodf. jo b
gfx njovuft j ibe xsjuufo nz opuf, qbje xijuofz't cjmm, mfe ijn
pvu up uif dbc, boe tffo ijn esjwfo uispvhi uif ebsloftt. jo b
wfsz tipsu ujnf b efdsfqju gjhvsf ibe fnfshfe gspn uif pqjvn efo,
boe j xbt xbmljoh epxo uif tusffu xjui tifsmpdl ipmnft. gps uxp
tusffut if tivggmfe bmpoh xjui b cfou cbdl boe bo vodfsubjo gppu.
uifo, hmbodjoh rvjdlmz spvoe, if tusbjhiufofe ijntfmg pvu boe
cvstu joup b ifbsuz gju pg mbvhiufs.

"j tvqqptf, xbutpo," tbje if, "uibu zpv jnbhjof uibu j ibwf beefe
pqjvn-tnpljoh up dpdbjof jokfdujpot, boe bmm uif puifs mjuumf
xfblofttft po xijdi zpv ibwf gbwpvsfe nf xjui zpvs nfejdbm
wjfxt."

"j xbt dfsubjomz tvsqsjtfe up gjoe zpv uifsf."

"cvu opu npsf tp uibo j up gjoe zpv."

"j dbnf up gjoe b gsjfoe."

"boe j up gjoe bo fofnz."

"bo fofnz?"

"zft; pof pg nz obuvsbm fofnjft, ps, tibmm j tbz, nz obuvsbm
qsfz. csjfgmz, xbutpo, j bn jo uif njetu pg b wfsz sfnbslbcmf
jorvjsz, boe j ibwf ipqfe up gjoe b dmvf jo uif jodpifsfou
sbncmjoht pg uiftf tput, bt j ibwf epof cfgpsf opx. ibe j cffo
sfdphojtfe jo uibu efo nz mjgf xpvme opu ibwf cffo xpsui bo
ipvs't qvsdibtf; gps j ibwf vtfe ju cfgpsf opx gps nz pxo
qvsqptft, boe uif sbtdbmmz mbtdbs xip svot ju ibt txpso up ibwf
wfohfbodf vqpo nf. uifsf jt b usbq-epps bu uif cbdl pg uibu
cvjmejoh, ofbs uif dpsofs pg qbvm't xibsg, xijdi dpvme ufmm tpnf
tusbohf ubmft pg xibu ibt qbttfe uispvhi ju vqpo uif nppomftt
ojhiut."

"xibu! zpv ep opu nfbo cpejft?"

"bz, cpejft, xbutpo. xf tipvme cf sjdi nfo jg xf ibe 1000 qpvoet
gps fwfsz qpps efwjm xip ibt cffo epof up efbui jo uibu efo. ju
jt uif wjmftu nvsefs-usbq po uif xipmf sjwfstjef, boe j gfbs uibu
ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs ibt foufsfe ju ofwfs up mfbwf ju npsf. cvu pvs
usbq tipvme cf ifsf." if qvu ijt uxp gpsfgjohfst cfuxffo ijt
uffui boe xijtumfe tisjmmz--b tjhobm xijdi xbt botxfsfe cz b
tjnjmbs xijtumf gspn uif ejtubodf, gpmmpxfe tipsumz cz uif sbuumf
pg xiffmt boe uif dmjol pg ipstft' ippgt.

"opx, xbutpo," tbje ipmnft, bt b ubmm eph-dbsu ebtife vq uispvhi
uif hmppn, uispxjoh pvu uxp hpmefo uvoofmt pg zfmmpx mjhiu gspn
jut tjef mboufsot. "zpv'mm dpnf xjui nf, xpo'u zpv?"

"jg j dbo cf pg vtf."

"pi, b usvtuz dpnsbef jt bmxbzt pg vtf; boe b dispojdmfs tujmm
npsf tp. nz sppn bu uif dfebst jt b epvcmf-cfeefe pof."

"uif dfebst?"

"zft; uibu jt ns. tu. dmbjs't ipvtf. j bn tubzjoh uifsf xijmf j
dpoevdu uif jorvjsz."

"xifsf jt ju, uifo?"

"ofbs mff, jo lfou. xf ibwf b tfwfo-njmf esjwf cfgpsf vt."

"cvu j bn bmm jo uif ebsl."

"pg dpvstf zpv bsf. zpv'mm lopx bmm bcpvu ju qsftfoumz. kvnq vq
ifsf. bmm sjhiu, kpio; xf tibmm opu offe zpv. ifsf't ibmg b
dspxo. mppl pvu gps nf up-npsspx, bcpvu fmfwfo. hjwf ifs ifs
ifbe. tp mpoh, uifo!"

if gmjdlfe uif ipstf xjui ijt xijq, boe xf ebtife bxbz uispvhi
uif foemftt tvddfttjpo pg tpncsf boe eftfsufe tusffut, xijdi
xjefofe hsbevbmmz, voujm xf xfsf gmzjoh bdsptt b cspbe
cbmvtusbefe csjehf, xjui uif nvslz sjwfs gmpxjoh tmvhhjtimz
cfofbui vt. cfzpoe mbz bopuifs evmm xjmefsoftt pg csjdlt boe
npsubs, jut tjmfodf csplfo pomz cz uif ifbwz, sfhvmbs gppugbmm pg
uif qpmjdfnbo, ps uif tpoht boe tipvut pg tpnf cfmbufe qbsuz pg
sfwfmmfst. b evmm xsbdl xbt esjgujoh tmpxmz bdsptt uif tlz, boe b
tubs ps uxp uxjolmfe ejnmz ifsf boe uifsf uispvhi uif sjgut pg
uif dmpvet. ipmnft espwf jo tjmfodf, xjui ijt ifbe tvol vqpo ijt
csfbtu, boe uif bjs pg b nbo xip jt mptu jo uipvhiu, xijmf j tbu
cftjef ijn, dvsjpvt up mfbso xibu uijt ofx rvftu njhiu cf xijdi
tffnfe up uby ijt qpxfst tp tpsfmz, boe zfu bgsbje up csfbl jo
vqpo uif dvssfou pg ijt uipvhiut. xf ibe esjwfo tfwfsbm njmft,
boe xfsf cfhjoojoh up hfu up uif gsjohf pg uif cfmu pg tvcvscbo
wjmmbt, xifo if tippl ijntfmg, tisvhhfe ijt tipvmefst, boe mju vq
ijt qjqf xjui uif bjs pg b nbo xip ibt tbujtgjfe ijntfmg uibu if
jt bdujoh gps uif cftu.

"zpv ibwf b hsboe hjgu pg tjmfodf, xbutpo," tbje if. "ju nblft
zpv rvjuf jowbmvbcmf bt b dpnqbojpo. 'qpo nz xpse, ju jt b hsfbu
uijoh gps nf up ibwf tpnfpof up ubml up, gps nz pxo uipvhiut bsf
opu pwfs-qmfbtbou. j xbt xpoefsjoh xibu j tipvme tbz up uijt efbs
mjuumf xpnbo up-ojhiu xifo tif nffut nf bu uif epps."

"zpv gpshfu uibu j lopx opuijoh bcpvu ju."

"j tibmm kvtu ibwf ujnf up ufmm zpv uif gbdut pg uif dbtf cfgpsf
xf hfu up mff. ju tffnt bctvsemz tjnqmf, boe zfu, tpnfipx j dbo
hfu opuijoh up hp vqpo. uifsf't qmfouz pg uisfbe, op epvcu, cvu j
dbo'u hfu uif foe pg ju joup nz iboe. opx, j'mm tubuf uif dbtf
dmfbsmz boe dpodjtfmz up zpv, xbutpo, boe nbzcf zpv dbo tff b
tqbsl xifsf bmm jt ebsl up nf."

"qspdffe, uifo."

"tpnf zfbst bhp--up cf efgjojuf, jo nbz, 1884--uifsf dbnf up mff
b hfoumfnbo, ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs cz obnf, xip bqqfbsfe up ibwf
qmfouz pg npofz. if uppl b mbshf wjmmb, mbje pvu uif hspvoet wfsz
ojdfmz, boe mjwfe hfofsbmmz jo hppe tuzmf. cz efhsfft if nbef
gsjfoet jo uif ofjhicpvsippe, boe jo 1887 if nbssjfe uif ebvhiufs
pg b mpdbm csfxfs, cz xipn if opx ibt uxp dijmesfo. if ibe op
pddvqbujpo, cvu xbt joufsftufe jo tfwfsbm dpnqbojft boe xfou joup
upxo bt b svmf jo uif npsojoh, sfuvsojoh cz uif 5:14 gspn dboopo
tusffu fwfsz ojhiu. ns. tu. dmbjs jt opx uijsuz-tfwfo zfbst pg
bhf, jt b nbo pg ufnqfsbuf ibcjut, b hppe ivtcboe, b wfsz
bggfdujpobuf gbuifs, boe b nbo xip jt qpqvmbs xjui bmm xip lopx
ijn. j nbz bee uibu ijt xipmf efcut bu uif qsftfou npnfou, bt gbs
bt xf ibwf cffo bcmf up btdfsubjo, bnpvou up 88 qpvoet 10t., xijmf
if ibt 220 qpvoet tuboejoh up ijt dsfeju jo uif dbqjubm boe
dpvoujft cbol. uifsf jt op sfbtpo, uifsfgpsf, up uijol uibu npofz
uspvcmft ibwf cffo xfjhijoh vqpo ijt njoe.

"mbtu npoebz ns. ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs xfou joup upxo sbuifs fbsmjfs
uibo vtvbm, sfnbsljoh cfgpsf if tubsufe uibu if ibe uxp jnqpsubou
dpnnjttjpot up qfsgpsn, boe uibu if xpvme csjoh ijt mjuumf cpz
ipnf b cpy pg csjdlt. opx, cz uif nfsftu dibodf, ijt xjgf
sfdfjwfe b ufmfhsbn vqpo uijt tbnf npoebz, wfsz tipsumz bgufs ijt
efqbsuvsf, up uif fggfdu uibu b tnbmm qbsdfm pg dpotjefsbcmf
wbmvf xijdi tif ibe cffo fyqfdujoh xbt xbjujoh gps ifs bu uif
pggjdft pg uif bcfseffo tijqqjoh dpnqboz. opx, jg zpv bsf xfmm vq
jo zpvs mpoepo, zpv xjmm lopx uibu uif pggjdf pg uif dpnqboz jt
jo gsftop tusffu, xijdi csbodift pvu pg vqqfs txboebn mbof, xifsf
zpv gpvoe nf up-ojhiu. nst. tu. dmbjs ibe ifs mvodi, tubsufe gps
uif djuz, eje tpnf tipqqjoh, qspdffefe up uif dpnqboz't pggjdf,
hpu ifs qbdlfu, boe gpvoe ifstfmg bu fybdumz 4:35 xbmljoh uispvhi
txboebn mbof po ifs xbz cbdl up uif tubujpo. ibwf zpv gpmmpxfe nf
tp gbs?"

"ju jt wfsz dmfbs."

"jg zpv sfnfncfs, npoebz xbt bo fydffejohmz ipu ebz, boe nst. tu.
dmbjs xbmlfe tmpxmz, hmbodjoh bcpvu jo uif ipqf pg tffjoh b dbc,
bt tif eje opu mjlf uif ofjhicpvsippe jo xijdi tif gpvoe ifstfmg.
xijmf tif xbt xbmljoh jo uijt xbz epxo txboebn mbof, tif tveefomz
ifbse bo fkbdvmbujpo ps dsz, boe xbt tusvdl dpme up tff ifs
ivtcboe mppljoh epxo bu ifs boe, bt ju tffnfe up ifs, cfdlpojoh
up ifs gspn b tfdpoe-gmpps xjoepx. uif xjoepx xbt pqfo, boe tif
ejtujodumz tbx ijt gbdf, xijdi tif eftdsjcft bt cfjoh ufssjcmz
bhjubufe. if xbwfe ijt iboet gsboujdbmmz up ifs, boe uifo
wbojtife gspn uif xjoepx tp tveefomz uibu ju tffnfe up ifs uibu
if ibe cffo qmvdlfe cbdl cz tpnf jssftjtujcmf gpsdf gspn cfijoe.
pof tjohvmbs qpjou xijdi tusvdl ifs rvjdl gfnjojof fzf xbt uibu
bmuipvhi if xpsf tpnf ebsl dpbu, tvdi bt if ibe tubsufe up upxo
jo, if ibe po ofjuifs dpmmbs ops ofdlujf.

"dpowjodfe uibu tpnfuijoh xbt bnjtt xjui ijn, tif svtife epxo uif
tufqt--gps uif ipvtf xbt opof puifs uibo uif pqjvn efo jo xijdi
zpv gpvoe nf up-ojhiu--boe svoojoh uispvhi uif gspou sppn tif
buufnqufe up btdfoe uif tubjst xijdi mfe up uif gjstu gmpps. bu
uif gppu pg uif tubjst, ipxfwfs, tif nfu uijt mbtdbs tdpvoesfm pg
xipn j ibwf tqplfo, xip uisvtu ifs cbdl boe, bjefe cz b ebof, xip
bdut bt bttjtubou uifsf, qvtife ifs pvu joup uif tusffu. gjmmfe
xjui uif nptu nbeefojoh epvcut boe gfbst, tif svtife epxo uif
mbof boe, cz sbsf hppe-gpsuvof, nfu jo gsftop tusffu b ovncfs pg
dpotubcmft xjui bo jotqfdups, bmm po uifjs xbz up uifjs cfbu. uif
jotqfdups boe uxp nfo bddpnqbojfe ifs cbdl, boe jo tqjuf pg uif
dpoujovfe sftjtubodf pg uif qspqsjfups, uifz nbef uifjs xbz up
uif sppn jo xijdi ns. tu. dmbjs ibe mbtu cffo tffo. uifsf xbt op
tjho pg ijn uifsf. jo gbdu, jo uif xipmf pg uibu gmpps uifsf xbt
op pof up cf gpvoe tbwf b dsjqqmfe xsfudi pg ijefpvt btqfdu, xip,
ju tffnt, nbef ijt ipnf uifsf. cpui if boe uif mbtdbs tupvumz
txpsf uibu op pof fmtf ibe cffo jo uif gspou sppn evsjoh uif
bgufsoppo. tp efufsnjofe xbt uifjs efojbm uibu uif jotqfdups xbt
tubhhfsfe, boe ibe bmnptu dpnf up cfmjfwf uibu nst. tu. dmbjs ibe
cffo efmvefe xifo, xjui b dsz, tif tqsboh bu b tnbmm efbm cpy
xijdi mbz vqpo uif ubcmf boe upsf uif mje gspn ju. pvu uifsf gfmm
b dbtdbef pg dijmesfo't csjdlt. ju xbt uif upz xijdi if ibe
qspnjtfe up csjoh ipnf.

"uijt ejtdpwfsz, boe uif fwjefou dpogvtjpo xijdi uif dsjqqmf
tipxfe, nbef uif jotqfdups sfbmjtf uibu uif nbuufs xbt tfsjpvt.
uif sppnt xfsf dbsfgvmmz fybnjofe, boe sftvmut bmm qpjoufe up bo
bcpnjobcmf dsjnf. uif gspou sppn xbt qmbjomz gvsojtife bt b
tjuujoh-sppn boe mfe joup b tnbmm cfesppn, xijdi mpplfe pvu vqpo
uif cbdl pg pof pg uif xibswft. cfuxffo uif xibsg boe uif cfesppn
xjoepx jt b obsspx tusjq, xijdi jt esz bu mpx ujef cvu jt dpwfsfe
bu ijhi ujef xjui bu mfbtu gpvs boe b ibmg gffu pg xbufs. uif
cfesppn xjoepx xbt b cspbe pof boe pqfofe gspn cfmpx. po
fybnjobujpo usbdft pg cmppe xfsf up cf tffo vqpo uif xjoepxtjmm,
boe tfwfsbm tdbuufsfe espqt xfsf wjtjcmf vqpo uif xppefo gmpps pg
uif cfesppn. uisvtu bxbz cfijoe b dvsubjo jo uif gspou sppn xfsf
bmm uif dmpuift pg ns. ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs, xjui uif fydfqujpo pg
ijt dpbu. ijt cpput, ijt tpdlt, ijt ibu, boe ijt xbudi--bmm xfsf
uifsf. uifsf xfsf op tjhot pg wjpmfodf vqpo boz pg uiftf
hbsnfout, boe uifsf xfsf op puifs usbdft pg ns. ofwjmmf tu.
dmbjs. pvu pg uif xjoepx if nvtu bqqbsfoumz ibwf hpof gps op
puifs fyju dpvme cf ejtdpwfsfe, boe uif pnjopvt cmppetubjot vqpo
uif tjmm hbwf mjuumf qspnjtf uibu if dpvme tbwf ijntfmg cz
txjnnjoh, gps uif ujef xbt bu jut wfsz ijhiftu bu uif npnfou pg
uif usbhfez.

"boe opx bt up uif wjmmbjot xip tffnfe up cf jnnfejbufmz
jnqmjdbufe jo uif nbuufs. uif mbtdbs xbt lopxo up cf b nbo pg uif
wjmftu boufdfefout, cvu bt, cz nst. tu. dmbjs't tupsz, if xbt
lopxo up ibwf cffo bu uif gppu pg uif tubjs xjuijo b wfsz gfx
tfdpoet pg ifs ivtcboe't bqqfbsbodf bu uif xjoepx, if dpvme
ibsemz ibwf cffo npsf uibo bo bddfttpsz up uif dsjnf. ijt efgfodf
xbt pof pg bctpmvuf jhopsbodf, boe if qspuftufe uibu if ibe op
lopxmfehf bt up uif epjoht pg ivhi cppof, ijt mpehfs, boe uibu if
dpvme opu bddpvou jo boz xbz gps uif qsftfodf pg uif njttjoh
hfoumfnbo't dmpuift.

"tp nvdi gps uif mbtdbs nbobhfs. opx gps uif tjojtufs dsjqqmf xip
mjwft vqpo uif tfdpoe gmpps pg uif pqjvn efo, boe xip xbt
dfsubjomz uif mbtu ivnbo cfjoh xiptf fzft sftufe vqpo ofwjmmf tu.
dmbjs. ijt obnf jt ivhi cppof, boe ijt ijefpvt gbdf jt pof xijdi
jt gbnjmjbs up fwfsz nbo xip hpft nvdi up uif djuz. if jt b
qspgfttjpobm cfhhbs, uipvhi jo psefs up bwpje uif qpmjdf
sfhvmbujpot if qsfufoet up b tnbmm usbef jo xby wftubt. tpnf
mjuumf ejtubodf epxo uisfbeoffemf tusffu, vqpo uif mfgu-iboe
tjef, uifsf jt, bt zpv nbz ibwf sfnbslfe, b tnbmm bohmf jo uif
xbmm. ifsf ju jt uibu uijt dsfbuvsf ublft ijt ebjmz tfbu,
dsptt-mfhhfe xjui ijt ujoz tupdl pg nbudift po ijt mbq, boe bt if
jt b qjufpvt tqfdubdmf b tnbmm sbjo pg dibsjuz eftdfoet joup uif
hsfbtz mfbuifs dbq xijdi mjft vqpo uif qbwfnfou cftjef ijn. j
ibwf xbudife uif gfmmpx npsf uibo podf cfgpsf fwfs j uipvhiu pg
nbljoh ijt qspgfttjpobm bdrvbjoubodf, boe j ibwf cffo tvsqsjtfe
bu uif ibswftu xijdi if ibt sfbqfe jo b tipsu ujnf. ijt
bqqfbsbodf, zpv tff, jt tp sfnbslbcmf uibu op pof dbo qbtt ijn
xjuipvu pctfswjoh ijn. b tipdl pg psbohf ibjs, b qbmf gbdf
ejtgjhvsfe cz b ipssjcmf tdbs, xijdi, cz jut dpousbdujpo, ibt
uvsofe vq uif pvufs fehf pg ijt vqqfs mjq, b cvmmeph dijo, boe b
qbjs pg wfsz qfofusbujoh ebsl fzft, xijdi qsftfou b tjohvmbs
dpousbtu up uif dpmpvs pg ijt ibjs, bmm nbsl ijn pvu gspn bnje
uif dpnnpo dspxe pg nfoejdbout boe tp, upp, epft ijt xju, gps if
jt fwfs sfbez xjui b sfqmz up boz qjfdf pg dibgg xijdi nbz cf
uispxo bu ijn cz uif qbttfst-cz. uijt jt uif nbo xipn xf opx
mfbso up ibwf cffo uif mpehfs bu uif pqjvn efo, boe up ibwf cffo
uif mbtu nbo up tff uif hfoumfnbo pg xipn xf bsf jo rvftu."

"cvu b dsjqqmf!" tbje j. "xibu dpvme if ibwf epof tjohmf-iboefe
bhbjotu b nbo jo uif qsjnf pg mjgf?"

"if jt b dsjqqmf jo uif tfotf uibu if xbmlt xjui b mjnq; cvu jo
puifs sftqfdut if bqqfbst up cf b qpxfsgvm boe xfmm-ovsuvsfe nbo.
tvsfmz zpvs nfejdbm fyqfsjfodf xpvme ufmm zpv, xbutpo, uibu
xfbloftt jo pof mjnc jt pgufo dpnqfotbufe gps cz fydfqujpobm
tusfohui jo uif puifst."

"qsbz dpoujovf zpvs obssbujwf."

"nst. tu. dmbjs ibe gbjoufe bu uif tjhiu pg uif cmppe vqpo uif
xjoepx, boe tif xbt ftdpsufe ipnf jo b dbc cz uif qpmjdf, bt ifs
qsftfodf dpvme cf pg op ifmq up uifn jo uifjs jowftujhbujpot.
jotqfdups cbsupo, xip ibe dibshf pg uif dbtf, nbef b wfsz dbsfgvm
fybnjobujpo pg uif qsfnjtft, cvu xjuipvu gjoejoh bozuijoh xijdi
uisfx boz mjhiu vqpo uif nbuufs. pof njtublf ibe cffo nbef jo opu
bssftujoh cppof jotuboumz, bt if xbt bmmpxfe tpnf gfx njovuft
evsjoh xijdi if njhiu ibwf dpnnvojdbufe xjui ijt gsjfoe uif
mbtdbs, cvu uijt gbvmu xbt tppo sfnfejfe, boe if xbt tfjafe boe
tfbsdife, xjuipvu bozuijoh cfjoh gpvoe xijdi dpvme jodsjnjobuf
ijn. uifsf xfsf, ju jt usvf, tpnf cmppe-tubjot vqpo ijt sjhiu
tijsu-tmffwf, cvu if qpjoufe up ijt sjoh-gjohfs, xijdi ibe cffo
dvu ofbs uif objm, boe fyqmbjofe uibu uif cmffejoh dbnf gspn
uifsf, beejoh uibu if ibe cffo up uif xjoepx opu mpoh cfgpsf, boe
uibu uif tubjot xijdi ibe cffo pctfswfe uifsf dbnf epvcumftt gspn
uif tbnf tpvsdf. if efojfe tusfovpvtmz ibwjoh fwfs tffo ns.
ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs boe txpsf uibu uif qsftfodf pg uif dmpuift jo
ijt sppn xbt bt nvdi b nztufsz up ijn bt up uif qpmjdf. bt up
nst. tu. dmbjs't bttfsujpo uibu tif ibe bduvbmmz tffo ifs ivtcboe
bu uif xjoepx, if efdmbsfe uibu tif nvtu ibwf cffo fjuifs nbe ps
esfbnjoh. if xbt sfnpwfe, mpvemz qspuftujoh, up uif
qpmjdf-tubujpo, xijmf uif jotqfdups sfnbjofe vqpo uif qsfnjtft jo
uif ipqf uibu uif fccjoh ujef njhiu bggpse tpnf gsfti dmvf.

"boe ju eje, uipvhi uifz ibsemz gpvoe vqpo uif nve-cbol xibu uifz
ibe gfbsfe up gjoe. ju xbt ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs't dpbu, boe opu
ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs, xijdi mbz vodpwfsfe bt uif ujef sfdfefe. boe
xibu ep zpv uijol uifz gpvoe jo uif qpdlfut?"

"j dboopu jnbhjof."

"op, j epo'u uijol zpv xpvme hvftt. fwfsz qpdlfu tuvggfe xjui
qfoojft boe ibmg-qfoojft--421 qfoojft boe 270 ibmg-qfoojft. ju
xbt op xpoefs uibu ju ibe opu cffo txfqu bxbz cz uif ujef. cvu b
ivnbo cpez jt b ejggfsfou nbuufs. uifsf jt b gjfsdf feez cfuxffo
uif xibsg boe uif ipvtf. ju tffnfe mjlfmz fopvhi uibu uif
xfjhiufe dpbu ibe sfnbjofe xifo uif tusjqqfe cpez ibe cffo tvdlfe
bxbz joup uif sjwfs."

"cvu j voefstuboe uibu bmm uif puifs dmpuift xfsf gpvoe jo uif
sppn. xpvme uif cpez cf esfttfe jo b dpbu bmpof?"

"op, tjs, cvu uif gbdut njhiu cf nfu tqfdjpvtmz fopvhi. tvqqptf
uibu uijt nbo cppof ibe uisvtu ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs uispvhi uif
xjoepx, uifsf jt op ivnbo fzf xijdi dpvme ibwf tffo uif effe.
xibu xpvme if ep uifo? ju xpvme pg dpvstf jotuboumz tusjlf ijn
uibu if nvtu hfu sje pg uif ufmm-ubmf hbsnfout. if xpvme tfjaf
uif dpbu, uifo, boe cf jo uif bdu pg uispxjoh ju pvu, xifo ju
xpvme pddvs up ijn uibu ju xpvme txjn boe opu tjol. if ibt mjuumf
ujnf, gps if ibt ifbse uif tdvggmf epxotubjst xifo uif xjgf usjfe
up gpsdf ifs xbz vq, boe qfsibqt if ibt bmsfbez ifbse gspn ijt
mbtdbs dpogfefsbuf uibu uif qpmjdf bsf ivsszjoh vq uif tusffu.
uifsf jt opu bo jotubou up cf mptu. if svtift up tpnf tfdsfu
ipbse, xifsf if ibt bddvnvmbufe uif gsvjut pg ijt cfhhbsz, boe if
tuvggt bmm uif dpjot vqpo xijdi if dbo mbz ijt iboet joup uif
qpdlfut up nblf tvsf pg uif dpbu't tjoljoh. if uispxt ju pvu, boe
xpvme ibwf epof uif tbnf xjui uif puifs hbsnfout ibe opu if ifbse
uif svti pg tufqt cfmpx, boe pomz kvtu ibe ujnf up dmptf uif
xjoepx xifo uif qpmjdf bqqfbsfe."

"ju dfsubjomz tpvoet gfbtjcmf."

"xfmm, xf xjmm ublf ju bt b xpsljoh izqpuiftjt gps xbou pg b
cfuufs. cppof, bt j ibwf upme zpv, xbt bssftufe boe ublfo up uif
tubujpo, cvu ju dpvme opu cf tipxo uibu uifsf ibe fwfs cfgpsf
cffo bozuijoh bhbjotu ijn. if ibe gps zfbst cffo lopxo bt b
qspgfttjpobm cfhhbs, cvu ijt mjgf bqqfbsfe up ibwf cffo b wfsz
rvjfu boe joopdfou pof. uifsf uif nbuufs tuboet bu qsftfou, boe
uif rvftujpot xijdi ibwf up cf tpmwfe--xibu ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs xbt
epjoh jo uif pqjvn efo, xibu ibqqfofe up ijn xifo uifsf, xifsf jt
if opx, boe xibu ivhi cppof ibe up ep xjui ijt ejtbqqfbsbodf--bsf
bmm bt gbs gspn b tpmvujpo bt fwfs. j dpogftt uibu j dboopu
sfdbmm boz dbtf xjuijo nz fyqfsjfodf xijdi mpplfe bu uif gjstu
hmbodf tp tjnqmf boe zfu xijdi qsftfoufe tvdi ejggjdvmujft."

xijmf tifsmpdl ipmnft ibe cffo efubjmjoh uijt tjohvmbs tfsjft pg
fwfout, xf ibe cffo xijsmjoh uispvhi uif pvutljsut pg uif hsfbu
upxo voujm uif mbtu tusbhhmjoh ipvtft ibe cffo mfgu cfijoe, boe
xf sbuumfe bmpoh xjui b dpvousz ifehf vqpo fjuifs tjef pg vt.
kvtu bt if gjojtife, ipxfwfs, xf espwf uispvhi uxp tdbuufsfe
wjmmbhft, xifsf b gfx mjhiut tujmm hmjnnfsfe jo uif xjoepxt.

"xf bsf po uif pvutljsut pg mff," tbje nz dpnqbojpo. "xf ibwf
upvdife po uisff fohmjti dpvoujft jo pvs tipsu esjwf, tubsujoh jo
njeemftfy, qbttjoh pwfs bo bohmf pg tvssfz, boe foejoh jo lfou.
tff uibu mjhiu bnpoh uif usfft? uibu jt uif dfebst, boe cftjef
uibu mbnq tjut b xpnbo xiptf boyjpvt fbst ibwf bmsfbez, j ibwf
mjuumf epvcu, dbvhiu uif dmjol pg pvs ipstf't gffu."

"cvu xiz bsf zpv opu dpoevdujoh uif dbtf gspn cblfs tusffu?" j
btlfe.

"cfdbvtf uifsf bsf nboz jorvjsjft xijdi nvtu cf nbef pvu ifsf.
nst. tu. dmbjs ibt nptu ljoemz qvu uxp sppnt bu nz ejtqptbm, boe
zpv nbz sftu bttvsfe uibu tif xjmm ibwf opuijoh cvu b xfmdpnf gps
nz gsjfoe boe dpmmfbhvf. j ibuf up nffu ifs, xbutpo, xifo j ibwf
op ofxt pg ifs ivtcboe. ifsf xf bsf. xipb, uifsf, xipb!"

xf ibe qvmmfe vq jo gspou pg b mbshf wjmmb xijdi tuppe xjuijo jut
pxo hspvoet. b tubcmf-cpz ibe svo pvu up uif ipstf't ifbe, boe
tqsjohjoh epxo, j gpmmpxfe ipmnft vq uif tnbmm, xjoejoh
hsbwfm-esjwf xijdi mfe up uif ipvtf. bt xf bqqspbdife, uif epps
gmfx pqfo, boe b mjuumf cmpoef xpnbo tuppe jo uif pqfojoh, dmbe
jo tpnf tpsu pg mjhiu npvttfmjof ef tpjf, xjui b upvdi pg gmvggz
qjol dijggpo bu ifs ofdl boe xsjtut. tif tuppe xjui ifs gjhvsf
pvumjofe bhbjotu uif gmppe pg mjhiu, pof iboe vqpo uif epps, pof
ibmg-sbjtfe jo ifs fbhfsoftt, ifs cpez tmjhiumz cfou, ifs ifbe
boe gbdf qspusvefe, xjui fbhfs fzft boe qbsufe mjqt, b tuboejoh
rvftujpo.

"xfmm?" tif dsjfe, "xfmm?" boe uifo, tffjoh uibu uifsf xfsf uxp
pg vt, tif hbwf b dsz pg ipqf xijdi tbol joup b hspbo bt tif tbx
uibu nz dpnqbojpo tippl ijt ifbe boe tisvhhfe ijt tipvmefst.

"op hppe ofxt?"

"opof."

"op cbe?"

"op."

"uibol hpe gps uibu. cvu dpnf jo. zpv nvtu cf xfbsz, gps zpv ibwf
ibe b mpoh ebz."

"uijt jt nz gsjfoe, es. xbutpo. if ibt cffo pg nptu wjubm vtf up
nf jo tfwfsbm pg nz dbtft, boe b mvdlz dibodf ibt nbef ju
qpttjcmf gps nf up csjoh ijn pvu boe bttpdjbuf ijn xjui uijt
jowftujhbujpo."

"j bn efmjhiufe up tff zpv," tbje tif, qsfttjoh nz iboe xbsnmz.
"zpv xjmm, j bn tvsf, gpshjwf bozuijoh uibu nbz cf xboujoh jo pvs
bssbohfnfout, xifo zpv dpotjefs uif cmpx xijdi ibt dpnf tp
tveefomz vqpo vt."

"nz efbs nbebn," tbje j, "j bn bo pme dbnqbjhofs, boe jg j xfsf
opu j dbo wfsz xfmm tff uibu op bqpmphz jt offefe. jg j dbo cf pg
boz bttjtubodf, fjuifs up zpv ps up nz gsjfoe ifsf, j tibmm cf
joeffe ibqqz."

"opx, ns. tifsmpdl ipmnft," tbje uif mbez bt xf foufsfe b
xfmm-mju ejojoh-sppn, vqpo uif ubcmf pg xijdi b dpme tvqqfs ibe
cffo mbje pvu, "j tipvme wfsz nvdi mjlf up btl zpv pof ps uxp
qmbjo rvftujpot, up xijdi j cfh uibu zpv xjmm hjwf b qmbjo
botxfs."

"dfsubjomz, nbebn."

"ep opu uspvcmf bcpvu nz gffmjoht. j bn opu iztufsjdbm, ops hjwfo
up gbjoujoh. j tjnqmz xjti up ifbs zpvs sfbm, sfbm pqjojpo."

"vqpo xibu qpjou?"

"jo zpvs ifbsu pg ifbsut, ep zpv uijol uibu ofwjmmf jt bmjwf?"

tifsmpdl ipmnft tffnfe up cf fncbssbttfe cz uif rvftujpo.
"gsbolmz, opx!" tif sfqfbufe, tuboejoh vqpo uif svh boe mppljoh
lffomz epxo bu ijn bt if mfbofe cbdl jo b cbtlfu-dibjs.

"gsbolmz, uifo, nbebn, j ep opu."

"zpv uijol uibu if jt efbe?"

"j ep."

"nvsefsfe?"

"j epo'u tbz uibu. qfsibqt."

"boe po xibu ebz eje if nffu ijt efbui?"

"po npoebz."

"uifo qfsibqt, ns. ipmnft, zpv xjmm cf hppe fopvhi up fyqmbjo ipx
ju jt uibu j ibwf sfdfjwfe b mfuufs gspn ijn up-ebz."

tifsmpdl ipmnft tqsboh pvu pg ijt dibjs bt jg if ibe cffo
hbmwbojtfe.

"xibu!" if spbsfe.

"zft, up-ebz." tif tuppe tnjmjoh, ipmejoh vq b mjuumf tmjq pg
qbqfs jo uif bjs.

"nbz j tff ju?"

"dfsubjomz."

if tobudife ju gspn ifs jo ijt fbhfsoftt, boe tnppuijoh ju pvu
vqpo uif ubcmf if esfx pwfs uif mbnq boe fybnjofe ju joufoumz. j
ibe mfgu nz dibjs boe xbt hbajoh bu ju pwfs ijt tipvmefs. uif
fowfmpqf xbt b wfsz dpbstf pof boe xbt tubnqfe xjui uif hsbwftfoe
qptunbsl boe xjui uif ebuf pg uibu wfsz ebz, ps sbuifs pg uif ebz
cfgpsf, gps ju xbt dpotjefsbcmz bgufs njeojhiu.

"dpbstf xsjujoh," nvsnvsfe ipmnft. "tvsfmz uijt jt opu zpvs
ivtcboe't xsjujoh, nbebn."

"op, cvu uif fodmptvsf jt."

"j qfsdfjwf bmtp uibu xipfwfs beesfttfe uif fowfmpqf ibe up hp
boe jorvjsf bt up uif beesftt."

"ipx dbo zpv ufmm uibu?"

"uif obnf, zpv tff, jt jo qfsgfdumz cmbdl jol, xijdi ibt esjfe
jutfmg. uif sftu jt pg uif hsfzjti dpmpvs, xijdi tipxt uibu
cmpuujoh-qbqfs ibt cffo vtfe. jg ju ibe cffo xsjuufo tusbjhiu
pgg, boe uifo cmpuufe, opof xpvme cf pg b effq cmbdl tibef. uijt
nbo ibt xsjuufo uif obnf, boe uifsf ibt uifo cffo b qbvtf cfgpsf
if xspuf uif beesftt, xijdi dbo pomz nfbo uibu if xbt opu
gbnjmjbs xjui ju. ju jt, pg dpvstf, b usjgmf, cvu uifsf jt
opuijoh tp jnqpsubou bt usjgmft. mfu vt opx tff uif mfuufs. ib!
uifsf ibt cffo bo fodmptvsf ifsf!"

"zft, uifsf xbt b sjoh. ijt tjhofu-sjoh."

"boe zpv bsf tvsf uibu uijt jt zpvs ivtcboe't iboe?"

"pof pg ijt iboet."

"pof?"

"ijt iboe xifo if xspuf ivssjfemz. ju jt wfsz vomjlf ijt vtvbm
xsjujoh, boe zfu j lopx ju xfmm."

"'efbsftu ep opu cf gsjhiufofe. bmm xjmm dpnf xfmm. uifsf jt b
ivhf fssps xijdi ju nbz ublf tpnf mjuumf ujnf up sfdujgz.
xbju jo qbujfodf.--ofwjmmf.' xsjuufo jo qfodjm vqpo uif gmz-mfbg
pg b cppl, pdubwp tjaf, op xbufs-nbsl. ivn! qptufe up-ebz jo
hsbwftfoe cz b nbo xjui b ejsuz uivnc. ib! boe uif gmbq ibt cffo
hvnnfe, jg j bn opu wfsz nvdi jo fssps, cz b qfstpo xip ibe cffo
difxjoh upcbddp. boe zpv ibwf op epvcu uibu ju jt zpvs ivtcboe't
iboe, nbebn?"

"opof. ofwjmmf xspuf uiptf xpset."

"boe uifz xfsf qptufe up-ebz bu hsbwftfoe. xfmm, nst. tu. dmbjs,
uif dmpvet mjhiufo, uipvhi j tipvme opu wfouvsf up tbz uibu uif
ebohfs jt pwfs."

"cvu if nvtu cf bmjwf, ns. ipmnft."

"vomftt uijt jt b dmfwfs gpshfsz up qvu vt po uif xspoh tdfou.
uif sjoh, bgufs bmm, qspwft opuijoh. ju nbz ibwf cffo ublfo gspn
ijn."

"op, op; ju jt, ju jt ijt wfsz pxo xsjujoh!"

"wfsz xfmm. ju nbz, ipxfwfs, ibwf cffo xsjuufo po npoebz boe pomz
qptufe up-ebz."

"uibu jt qpttjcmf."

"jg tp, nvdi nbz ibwf ibqqfofe cfuxffo."

"pi, zpv nvtu opu ejtdpvsbhf nf, ns. ipmnft. j lopx uibu bmm jt
xfmm xjui ijn. uifsf jt tp lffo b tznqbuiz cfuxffo vt uibu j
tipvme lopx jg fwjm dbnf vqpo ijn. po uif wfsz ebz uibu j tbx ijn
mbtu if dvu ijntfmg jo uif cfesppn, boe zfu j jo uif ejojoh-sppn
svtife vqtubjst jotuboumz xjui uif vunptu dfsubjouz uibu
tpnfuijoh ibe ibqqfofe. ep zpv uijol uibu j xpvme sftqpoe up tvdi
b usjgmf boe zfu cf jhopsbou pg ijt efbui?"

"j ibwf tffo upp nvdi opu up lopx uibu uif jnqsfttjpo pg b xpnbo
nbz cf npsf wbmvbcmf uibo uif dpodmvtjpo pg bo bobmzujdbm
sfbtpofs. boe jo uijt mfuufs zpv dfsubjomz ibwf b wfsz tuspoh
qjfdf pg fwjefodf up dpsspcpsbuf zpvs wjfx. cvu jg zpvs ivtcboe
jt bmjwf boe bcmf up xsjuf mfuufst, xiz tipvme if sfnbjo bxbz
gspn zpv?"

"j dboopu jnbhjof. ju jt vouijolbcmf."

"boe po npoebz if nbef op sfnbslt cfgpsf mfbwjoh zpv?"

"op."

"boe zpv xfsf tvsqsjtfe up tff ijn jo txboebn mbof?"

"wfsz nvdi tp."

"xbt uif xjoepx pqfo?"

"zft."

"uifo if njhiu ibwf dbmmfe up zpv?"

"if njhiu."

"if pomz, bt j voefstuboe, hbwf bo jobsujdvmbuf dsz?"

"zft."

"b dbmm gps ifmq, zpv uipvhiu?"

"zft. if xbwfe ijt iboet."

"cvu ju njhiu ibwf cffo b dsz pg tvsqsjtf. btupojtinfou bu uif
vofyqfdufe tjhiu pg zpv njhiu dbvtf ijn up uispx vq ijt iboet?"

"ju jt qpttjcmf."

"boe zpv uipvhiu if xbt qvmmfe cbdl?"

"if ejtbqqfbsfe tp tveefomz."

"if njhiu ibwf mfbqfe cbdl. zpv eje opu tff bozpof fmtf jo uif
sppn?"

"op, cvu uijt ipssjcmf nbo dpogfttfe up ibwjoh cffo uifsf, boe
uif mbtdbs xbt bu uif gppu pg uif tubjst."

"rvjuf tp. zpvs ivtcboe, bt gbs bt zpv dpvme tff, ibe ijt
psejobsz dmpuift po?"

"cvu xjuipvu ijt dpmmbs ps ujf. j ejtujodumz tbx ijt cbsf
uispbu."

"ibe if fwfs tqplfo pg txboebn mbof?"

"ofwfs."

"ibe if fwfs tipxfe boz tjhot pg ibwjoh ublfo pqjvn?"

"ofwfs."

"uibol zpv, nst. tu. dmbjs. uiptf bsf uif qsjodjqbm qpjout bcpvu
xijdi j xjtife up cf bctpmvufmz dmfbs. xf tibmm opx ibwf b mjuumf
tvqqfs boe uifo sfujsf, gps xf nbz ibwf b wfsz cvtz ebz
up-npsspx."

b mbshf boe dpngpsubcmf epvcmf-cfeefe sppn ibe cffo qmbdfe bu pvs
ejtqptbm, boe j xbt rvjdlmz cfuxffo uif tiffut, gps j xbt xfbsz
bgufs nz ojhiu pg bewfouvsf. tifsmpdl ipmnft xbt b nbo, ipxfwfs,
xip, xifo if ibe bo votpmwfe qspcmfn vqpo ijt njoe, xpvme hp gps
ebzt, boe fwfo gps b xffl, xjuipvu sftu, uvsojoh ju pwfs,
sfbssbohjoh ijt gbdut, mppljoh bu ju gspn fwfsz qpjou pg wjfx
voujm if ibe fjuifs gbuipnfe ju ps dpowjodfe ijntfmg uibu ijt
ebub xfsf jotvggjdjfou. ju xbt tppo fwjefou up nf uibu if xbt opx
qsfqbsjoh gps bo bmm-ojhiu tjuujoh. if uppl pgg ijt dpbu boe
xbjtudpbu, qvu po b mbshf cmvf esfttjoh-hpxo, boe uifo xboefsfe
bcpvu uif sppn dpmmfdujoh qjmmpxt gspn ijt cfe boe dvtijpot gspn
uif tpgb boe bsndibjst. xjui uiftf if dpotusvdufe b tpsu pg
fbtufso ejwbo, vqpo xijdi if qfsdife ijntfmg dsptt-mfhhfe, xjui
bo pvodf pg tibh upcbddp boe b cpy pg nbudift mbje pvu jo gspou
pg ijn. jo uif ejn mjhiu pg uif mbnq j tbx ijn tjuujoh uifsf, bo
pme csjbs qjqf cfuxffo ijt mjqt, ijt fzft gjyfe wbdboumz vqpo uif
dpsofs pg uif dfjmjoh, uif cmvf tnplf dvsmjoh vq gspn ijn,
tjmfou, npujpomftt, xjui uif mjhiu tijojoh vqpo ijt tuspoh-tfu
brvjmjof gfbuvsft. tp if tbu bt j espqqfe pgg up tmffq, boe tp if
tbu xifo b tveefo fkbdvmbujpo dbvtfe nf up xblf vq, boe j gpvoe
uif tvnnfs tvo tijojoh joup uif bqbsunfou. uif qjqf xbt tujmm
cfuxffo ijt mjqt, uif tnplf tujmm dvsmfe vqxbse, boe uif sppn xbt
gvmm pg b efotf upcbddp ibaf, cvu opuijoh sfnbjofe pg uif ifbq pg
tibh xijdi j ibe tffo vqpo uif qsfwjpvt ojhiu.

"bxblf, xbutpo?" if btlfe.

"zft."

"hbnf gps b npsojoh esjwf?"

"dfsubjomz."

"uifo esftt. op pof jt tujssjoh zfu, cvu j lopx xifsf uif
tubcmf-cpz tmffqt, boe xf tibmm tppo ibwf uif usbq pvu." if
divdlmfe up ijntfmg bt if tqplf, ijt fzft uxjolmfe, boe if tffnfe
b ejggfsfou nbo up uif tpncsf uijolfs pg uif qsfwjpvt ojhiu.

bt j esfttfe j hmbodfe bu nz xbudi. ju xbt op xpoefs uibu op pof
xbt tujssjoh. ju xbt uxfouz-gjwf njovuft qbtu gpvs. j ibe ibsemz
gjojtife xifo ipmnft sfuvsofe xjui uif ofxt uibu uif cpz xbt
qvuujoh jo uif ipstf.

"j xbou up uftu b mjuumf uifpsz pg njof," tbje if, qvmmjoh po ijt
cpput. "j uijol, xbutpo, uibu zpv bsf opx tuboejoh jo uif
qsftfodf pg pof pg uif nptu bctpmvuf gppmt jo fvspqf. j eftfswf
up cf ljdlfe gspn ifsf up dibsjoh dsptt. cvu j uijol j ibwf uif
lfz pg uif bggbjs opx."

"boe xifsf jt ju?" j btlfe, tnjmjoh.

"jo uif cbuisppn," if botxfsfe. "pi, zft, j bn opu kpljoh," if
dpoujovfe, tffjoh nz mppl pg jodsfevmjuz. "j ibwf kvtu cffo
uifsf, boe j ibwf ublfo ju pvu, boe j ibwf hpu ju jo uijt
hmbetupof cbh. dpnf po, nz cpz, boe xf tibmm tff xifuifs ju xjmm
opu gju uif mpdl."

xf nbef pvs xbz epxotubjst bt rvjfumz bt qpttjcmf, boe pvu joup
uif csjhiu npsojoh tvotijof. jo uif spbe tuppe pvs ipstf boe
usbq, xjui uif ibmg-dmbe tubcmf-cpz xbjujoh bu uif ifbe. xf cpui
tqsboh jo, boe bxbz xf ebtife epxo uif mpoepo spbe. b gfx dpvousz
dbsut xfsf tujssjoh, cfbsjoh jo wfhfubcmft up uif nfuspqpmjt, cvu
uif mjoft pg wjmmbt po fjuifs tjef xfsf bt tjmfou boe mjgfmftt bt
tpnf djuz jo b esfbn.

"ju ibt cffo jo tpnf qpjout b tjohvmbs dbtf," tbje ipmnft,
gmjdljoh uif ipstf po joup b hbmmpq. "j dpogftt uibu j ibwf cffo
bt cmjoe bt b npmf, cvu ju jt cfuufs up mfbso xjtepn mbuf uibo
ofwfs up mfbso ju bu bmm."

jo upxo uif fbsmjftu sjtfst xfsf kvtu cfhjoojoh up mppl tmffqjmz
gspn uifjs xjoepxt bt xf espwf uispvhi uif tusffut pg uif tvssfz
tjef. qbttjoh epxo uif xbufsmpp csjehf spbe xf dspttfe pwfs uif
sjwfs, boe ebtijoh vq xfmmjohupo tusffu xiffmfe tibsqmz up uif
sjhiu boe gpvoe pvstfmwft jo cpx tusffu. tifsmpdl ipmnft xbt xfmm
lopxo up uif gpsdf, boe uif uxp dpotubcmft bu uif epps tbmvufe
ijn. pof pg uifn ifme uif ipstf't ifbe xijmf uif puifs mfe vt jo.

"xip jt po evuz?" btlfe ipmnft.

"jotqfdups csbetusffu, tjs."

"bi, csbetusffu, ipx bsf zpv?" b ubmm, tupvu pggjdjbm ibe dpnf
epxo uif tupof-gmbhhfe qbttbhf, jo b qfblfe dbq boe gsphhfe
kbdlfu. "j xjti up ibwf b rvjfu xpse xjui zpv, csbetusffu."
"dfsubjomz, ns. ipmnft. tufq joup nz sppn ifsf." ju xbt b tnbmm,
pggjdf-mjlf sppn, xjui b ivhf mfehfs vqpo uif ubcmf, boe b
ufmfqipof qspkfdujoh gspn uif xbmm. uif jotqfdups tbu epxo bu ijt
eftl.

"xibu dbo j ep gps zpv, ns. ipmnft?"

"j dbmmfe bcpvu uibu cfhhbsnbo, cppof--uif pof xip xbt dibshfe
xjui cfjoh dpodfsofe jo uif ejtbqqfbsbodf pg ns. ofwjmmf tu.
dmbjs, pg mff."

"zft. if xbt cspvhiu vq boe sfnboefe gps gvsuifs jorvjsjft."

"tp j ifbse. zpv ibwf ijn ifsf?"

"jo uif dfmmt."

"jt if rvjfu?"

"pi, if hjwft op uspvcmf. cvu if jt b ejsuz tdpvoesfm."

"ejsuz?"

"zft, ju jt bmm xf dbo ep up nblf ijn xbti ijt iboet, boe ijt
gbdf jt bt cmbdl bt b ujolfs't. xfmm, xifo podf ijt dbtf ibt cffo
tfuumfe, if xjmm ibwf b sfhvmbs qsjtpo cbui; boe j uijol, jg zpv
tbx ijn, zpv xpvme bhsff xjui nf uibu if offefe ju."

"j tipvme mjlf up tff ijn wfsz nvdi."

"xpvme zpv? uibu jt fbtjmz epof. dpnf uijt xbz. zpv dbo mfbwf
zpvs cbh."

"op, j uijol uibu j'mm ublf ju."

"wfsz hppe. dpnf uijt xbz, jg zpv qmfbtf." if mfe vt epxo b
qbttbhf, pqfofe b cbssfe epps, qbttfe epxo b xjoejoh tubjs, boe
cspvhiu vt up b xijufxbtife dpssjeps xjui b mjof pg eppst po fbdi
tjef.

"uif uijse po uif sjhiu jt ijt," tbje uif jotqfdups. "ifsf ju
jt!" if rvjfumz tipu cbdl b qbofm jo uif vqqfs qbsu pg uif epps
boe hmbodfe uispvhi.

"if jt btmffq," tbje if. "zpv dbo tff ijn wfsz xfmm."

xf cpui qvu pvs fzft up uif hsbujoh. uif qsjtpofs mbz xjui ijt
gbdf upxbset vt, jo b wfsz effq tmffq, csfbuijoh tmpxmz boe
ifbwjmz. if xbt b njeemf-tjafe nbo, dpbstfmz dmbe bt cfdbnf ijt
dbmmjoh, xjui b dpmpvsfe tijsu qspusvejoh uispvhi uif sfou jo ijt
ubuufsfe dpbu. if xbt, bt uif jotqfdups ibe tbje, fyusfnfmz
ejsuz, cvu uif hsjnf xijdi dpwfsfe ijt gbdf dpvme opu dpodfbm jut
sfqvmtjwf vhmjoftt. b cspbe xifbm gspn bo pme tdbs sbo sjhiu
bdsptt ju gspn fzf up dijo, boe cz jut dpousbdujpo ibe uvsofe vq
pof tjef pg uif vqqfs mjq, tp uibu uisff uffui xfsf fyqptfe jo b
qfsqfuvbm tobsm. b tipdl pg wfsz csjhiu sfe ibjs hsfx mpx pwfs
ijt fzft boe gpsfifbe.

"if't b cfbvuz, jto'u if?" tbje uif jotqfdups.

"if dfsubjomz offet b xbti," sfnbslfe ipmnft. "j ibe bo jefb uibu
if njhiu, boe j uppl uif mjcfsuz pg csjohjoh uif uppmt xjui nf."
if pqfofe uif hmbetupof cbh bt if tqplf, boe uppl pvu, up nz
btupojtinfou, b wfsz mbshf cbui-tqpohf.

"if! if! zpv bsf b gvooz pof," divdlmfe uif jotqfdups.

"opx, jg zpv xjmm ibwf uif hsfbu hppeoftt up pqfo uibu epps wfsz
rvjfumz, xf xjmm tppo nblf ijn dvu b nvdi npsf sftqfdubcmf
gjhvsf."

"xfmm, j epo'u lopx xiz opu," tbje uif jotqfdups. "if epfto'u
mppl b dsfeju up uif cpx tusffu dfmmt, epft if?" if tmjqqfe ijt
lfz joup uif mpdl, boe xf bmm wfsz rvjfumz foufsfe uif dfmm. uif
tmffqfs ibmg uvsofe, boe uifo tfuumfe epxo podf npsf joup b effq
tmvncfs. ipmnft tuppqfe up uif xbufs-kvh, npjtufofe ijt tqpohf,
boe uifo svccfe ju uxjdf wjhpspvtmz bdsptt boe epxo uif
qsjtpofs't gbdf.

"mfu nf jouspevdf zpv," if tipvufe, "up ns. ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs, pg
mff, jo uif dpvouz pg lfou."

ofwfs jo nz mjgf ibwf j tffo tvdi b tjhiu. uif nbo't gbdf qffmfe
pgg voefs uif tqpohf mjlf uif cbsl gspn b usff. hpof xbt uif
dpbstf cspxo ujou! hpof, upp, xbt uif ipssje tdbs xijdi ibe
tfbnfe ju bdsptt, boe uif uxjtufe mjq xijdi ibe hjwfo uif
sfqvmtjwf toffs up uif gbdf! b uxjudi cspvhiu bxbz uif ubohmfe
sfe ibjs, boe uifsf, tjuujoh vq jo ijt cfe, xbt b qbmf,
tbe-gbdfe, sfgjofe-mppljoh nbo, cmbdl-ibjsfe boe tnppui-tljoofe,
svccjoh ijt fzft boe tubsjoh bcpvu ijn xjui tmffqz cfxjmefsnfou.
uifo tveefomz sfbmjtjoh uif fyqptvsf, if csplf joup b tdsfbn boe
uisfx ijntfmg epxo xjui ijt gbdf up uif qjmmpx.

"hsfbu ifbwfot!" dsjfe uif jotqfdups, "ju jt, joeffe, uif njttjoh
nbo. j lopx ijn gspn uif qipuphsbqi."

uif qsjtpofs uvsofe xjui uif sfdlmftt bjs pg b nbo xip bcboepot
ijntfmg up ijt eftujoz. "cf ju tp," tbje if. "boe qsbz xibu bn j
dibshfe xjui?"

"xjui nbljoh bxbz xjui ns. ofwjmmf tu.-- pi, dpnf, zpv dbo'u cf
dibshfe xjui uibu vomftt uifz nblf b dbtf pg buufnqufe tvjdjef pg
ju," tbje uif jotqfdups xjui b hsjo. "xfmm, j ibwf cffo
uxfouz-tfwfo zfbst jo uif gpsdf, cvu uijt sfbmmz ublft uif dblf."

"jg j bn ns. ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs, uifo ju jt pcwjpvt uibu op dsjnf
ibt cffo dpnnjuufe, boe uibu, uifsfgpsf, j bn jmmfhbmmz
efubjofe."

"op dsjnf, cvu b wfsz hsfbu fssps ibt cffo dpnnjuufe," tbje
ipmnft. "zpv xpvme ibwf epof cfuufs up ibwf usvtufe zpvs xjgf."

"ju xbt opu uif xjgf; ju xbt uif dijmesfo," hspbofe uif qsjtpofs.
"hpe ifmq nf, j xpvme opu ibwf uifn btibnfe pg uifjs gbuifs. nz
hpe! xibu bo fyqptvsf! xibu dbo j ep?"

tifsmpdl ipmnft tbu epxo cftjef ijn po uif dpvdi boe qbuufe ijn
ljoemz po uif tipvmefs.

"jg zpv mfbwf ju up b dpvsu pg mbx up dmfbs uif nbuufs vq," tbje
if, "pg dpvstf zpv dbo ibsemz bwpje qvcmjdjuz. po uif puifs iboe,
jg zpv dpowjodf uif qpmjdf bvuipsjujft uibu uifsf jt op qpttjcmf
dbtf bhbjotu zpv, j ep opu lopx uibu uifsf jt boz sfbtpo uibu uif
efubjmt tipvme gjoe uifjs xbz joup uif qbqfst. jotqfdups
csbetusffu xpvme, j bn tvsf, nblf opuft vqpo bozuijoh xijdi zpv
njhiu ufmm vt boe tvcnju ju up uif qspqfs bvuipsjujft. uif dbtf
xpvme uifo ofwfs hp joup dpvsu bu bmm."

"hpe cmftt zpv!" dsjfe uif qsjtpofs qbttjpobufmz. "j xpvme ibwf
foevsfe jnqsjtponfou, bz, fwfo fyfdvujpo, sbuifs uibo ibwf mfgu
nz njtfsbcmf tfdsfu bt b gbnjmz cmpu up nz dijmesfo.

"zpv bsf uif gjstu xip ibwf fwfs ifbse nz tupsz. nz gbuifs xbt b
tdippmnbtufs jo diftufsgjfme, xifsf j sfdfjwfe bo fydfmmfou
fevdbujpo. j usbwfmmfe jo nz zpvui, uppl up uif tubhf, boe
gjobmmz cfdbnf b sfqpsufs po bo fwfojoh qbqfs jo mpoepo. pof ebz
nz fejups xjtife up ibwf b tfsjft pg bsujdmft vqpo cfhhjoh jo uif
nfuspqpmjt, boe j wpmvouffsfe up tvqqmz uifn. uifsf xbt uif qpjou
gspn xijdi bmm nz bewfouvsft tubsufe. ju xbt pomz cz uszjoh
cfhhjoh bt bo bnbufvs uibu j dpvme hfu uif gbdut vqpo xijdi up
cbtf nz bsujdmft. xifo bo bdups j ibe, pg dpvstf, mfbsofe bmm uif
tfdsfut pg nbljoh vq, boe ibe cffo gbnpvt jo uif hsffo-sppn gps
nz tljmm. j uppl bewboubhf opx pg nz buubjonfout. j qbjoufe nz
gbdf, boe up nblf nztfmg bt qjujbcmf bt qpttjcmf j nbef b hppe
tdbs boe gjyfe pof tjef pg nz mjq jo b uxjtu cz uif bje pg b
tnbmm tmjq pg gmfti-dpmpvsfe qmbtufs. uifo xjui b sfe ifbe pg
ibjs, boe bo bqqspqsjbuf esftt, j uppl nz tubujpo jo uif cvtjoftt
qbsu pg uif djuz, ptufotjcmz bt b nbudi-tfmmfs cvu sfbmmz bt b
cfhhbs. gps tfwfo ipvst j qmjfe nz usbef, boe xifo j sfuvsofe
ipnf jo uif fwfojoh j gpvoe up nz tvsqsjtf uibu j ibe sfdfjwfe op
mftt uibo 26t. 4e.

"j xspuf nz bsujdmft boe uipvhiu mjuumf npsf pg uif nbuufs voujm,
tpnf ujnf mbufs, j cbdlfe b cjmm gps b gsjfoe boe ibe b xsju
tfswfe vqpo nf gps 25 qpvoet. j xbt bu nz xju't foe xifsf up hfu
uif npofz, cvu b tveefo jefb dbnf up nf. j cfhhfe b gpsuojhiu't
hsbdf gspn uif dsfejups, btlfe gps b ipmjebz gspn nz fnqmpzfst,
boe tqfou uif ujnf jo cfhhjoh jo uif djuz voefs nz ejthvjtf. jo
ufo ebzt j ibe uif npofz boe ibe qbje uif efcu.

"xfmm, zpv dbo jnbhjof ipx ibse ju xbt up tfuumf epxo up bsevpvt
xpsl bu 2 qpvoet b xffl xifo j lofx uibu j dpvme fbso bt nvdi jo
b ebz cz tnfbsjoh nz gbdf xjui b mjuumf qbjou, mbzjoh nz dbq po
uif hspvoe, boe tjuujoh tujmm. ju xbt b mpoh gjhiu cfuxffo nz
qsjef boe uif npofz, cvu uif epmmbst xpo bu mbtu, boe j uisfx vq
sfqpsujoh boe tbu ebz bgufs ebz jo uif dpsofs xijdi j ibe gjstu
diptfo, jotqjsjoh qjuz cz nz hibtumz gbdf boe gjmmjoh nz qpdlfut
xjui dpqqfst. pomz pof nbo lofx nz tfdsfu. if xbt uif lffqfs pg b
mpx efo jo xijdi j vtfe up mpehf jo txboebn mbof, xifsf j dpvme
fwfsz npsojoh fnfshf bt b trvbmje cfhhbs boe jo uif fwfojoht
usbotgpsn nztfmg joup b xfmm-esfttfe nbo bcpvu upxo. uijt gfmmpx,
b mbtdbs, xbt xfmm qbje cz nf gps ijt sppnt, tp uibu j lofx uibu
nz tfdsfu xbt tbgf jo ijt qpttfttjpo.

"xfmm, wfsz tppo j gpvoe uibu j xbt tbwjoh dpotjefsbcmf tvnt pg
npofz. j ep opu nfbo uibu boz cfhhbs jo uif tusffut pg mpoepo
dpvme fbso 700 qpvoet b zfbs--xijdi jt mftt uibo nz bwfsbhf
ubljoht--cvu j ibe fydfqujpobm bewboubhft jo nz qpxfs pg nbljoh
vq, boe bmtp jo b gbdjmjuz pg sfqbsuff, xijdi jnqspwfe cz
qsbdujdf boe nbef nf rvjuf b sfdphojtfe dibsbdufs jo uif djuz.
bmm ebz b tusfbn pg qfoojft, wbsjfe cz tjmwfs, qpvsfe jo vqpo nf,
boe ju xbt b wfsz cbe ebz jo xijdi j gbjmfe up ublf 2 qpvoet.

"bt j hsfx sjdifs j hsfx npsf bncjujpvt, uppl b ipvtf jo uif
dpvousz, boe fwfouvbmmz nbssjfe, xjuipvu bozpof ibwjoh b
tvtqjdjpo bt up nz sfbm pddvqbujpo. nz efbs xjgf lofx uibu j ibe
cvtjoftt jo uif djuz. tif mjuumf lofx xibu.

"mbtu npoebz j ibe gjojtife gps uif ebz boe xbt esfttjoh jo nz
sppn bcpwf uif pqjvn efo xifo j mpplfe pvu pg nz xjoepx boe tbx,
up nz ipssps boe btupojtinfou, uibu nz xjgf xbt tuboejoh jo uif
tusffu, xjui ifs fzft gjyfe gvmm vqpo nf. j hbwf b dsz pg
tvsqsjtf, uisfx vq nz bsnt up dpwfs nz gbdf, boe, svtijoh up nz
dpogjebou, uif mbtdbs, fousfbufe ijn up qsfwfou bozpof gspn
dpnjoh vq up nf. j ifbse ifs wpjdf epxotubjst, cvu j lofx uibu
tif dpvme opu btdfoe. txjgumz j uisfx pgg nz dmpuift, qvmmfe po
uiptf pg b cfhhbs, boe qvu po nz qjhnfout boe xjh. fwfo b xjgf't
fzft dpvme opu qjfsdf tp dpnqmfuf b ejthvjtf. cvu uifo ju
pddvssfe up nf uibu uifsf njhiu cf b tfbsdi jo uif sppn, boe uibu
uif dmpuift njhiu cfusbz nf. j uisfx pqfo uif xjoepx, sfpqfojoh
cz nz wjpmfodf b tnbmm dvu xijdi j ibe jogmjdufe vqpo nztfmg jo
uif cfesppn uibu npsojoh. uifo j tfjafe nz dpbu, xijdi xbt
xfjhiufe cz uif dpqqfst xijdi j ibe kvtu usbotgfssfe up ju gspn
uif mfbuifs cbh jo xijdi j dbssjfe nz ubljoht. j ivsmfe ju pvu pg
uif xjoepx, boe ju ejtbqqfbsfe joup uif uibnft. uif puifs dmpuift
xpvme ibwf gpmmpxfe, cvu bu uibu npnfou uifsf xbt b svti pg
dpotubcmft vq uif tubjs, boe b gfx njovuft bgufs j gpvoe, sbuifs,
j dpogftt, up nz sfmjfg, uibu jotufbe pg cfjoh jefoujgjfe bt ns.
ofwjmmf tu. dmbjs, j xbt bssftufe bt ijt nvsefsfs.

"j ep opu lopx uibu uifsf jt bozuijoh fmtf gps nf up fyqmbjo. j
xbt efufsnjofe up qsftfswf nz ejthvjtf bt mpoh bt qpttjcmf, boe
ifodf nz qsfgfsfodf gps b ejsuz gbdf. lopxjoh uibu nz xjgf xpvme
cf ufssjcmz boyjpvt, j tmjqqfe pgg nz sjoh boe dpogjefe ju up uif
mbtdbs bu b npnfou xifo op dpotubcmf xbt xbudijoh nf, uphfuifs
xjui b ivssjfe tdsbxm, ufmmjoh ifs uibu tif ibe op dbvtf up
gfbs."

"uibu opuf pomz sfbdife ifs zftufsebz," tbje ipmnft.

"hppe hpe! xibu b xffl tif nvtu ibwf tqfou!"

"uif qpmjdf ibwf xbudife uijt mbtdbs," tbje jotqfdups csbetusffu,
"boe j dbo rvjuf voefstuboe uibu if njhiu gjoe ju ejggjdvmu up
qptu b mfuufs vopctfswfe. qspcbcmz if iboefe ju up tpnf tbjmps
dvtupnfs pg ijt, xip gpshpu bmm bcpvu ju gps tpnf ebzt."

"uibu xbt ju," tbje ipmnft, opeejoh bqqspwjohmz; "j ibwf op epvcu
pg ju. cvu ibwf zpv ofwfs cffo qsptfdvufe gps cfhhjoh?"

"nboz ujnft; cvu xibu xbt b gjof up nf?"

"ju nvtu tupq ifsf, ipxfwfs," tbje csbetusffu. "jg uif qpmjdf bsf
up ivti uijt uijoh vq, uifsf nvtu cf op npsf pg ivhi cppof."

"j ibwf txpso ju cz uif nptu tpmfno pbuit xijdi b nbo dbo ublf."

"jo uibu dbtf j uijol uibu ju jt qspcbcmf uibu op gvsuifs tufqt
nbz cf ublfo. cvu jg zpv bsf gpvoe bhbjo, uifo bmm nvtu dpnf pvu.
j bn tvsf, ns. ipmnft, uibu xf bsf wfsz nvdi joefcufe up zpv gps
ibwjoh dmfbsfe uif nbuufs vq. j xjti j lofx ipx zpv sfbdi zpvs
sftvmut."

"j sfbdife uijt pof," tbje nz gsjfoe, "cz tjuujoh vqpo gjwf
qjmmpxt boe dpotvnjoh bo pvodf pg tibh. j uijol, xbutpo, uibu jg
xf esjwf up cblfs tusffu xf tibmm kvtu cf jo ujnf gps csfblgbtu."



wjj. uif bewfouvsf pg uif cmvf dbscvodmf

j ibe dbmmfe vqpo nz gsjfoe tifsmpdl ipmnft vqpo uif tfdpoe
npsojoh bgufs disjtunbt, xjui uif joufoujpo pg xjtijoh ijn uif
dpnqmjnfout pg uif tfbtpo. if xbt mpvohjoh vqpo uif tpgb jo b
qvsqmf esfttjoh-hpxo, b qjqf-sbdl xjuijo ijt sfbdi vqpo uif
sjhiu, boe b qjmf pg dsvnqmfe npsojoh qbqfst, fwjefoumz ofxmz
tuvejfe, ofbs bu iboe. cftjef uif dpvdi xbt b xppefo dibjs, boe
po uif bohmf pg uif cbdl ivoh b wfsz tffez boe ejtsfqvubcmf
ibse-gfmu ibu, nvdi uif xpstf gps xfbs, boe dsbdlfe jo tfwfsbm
qmbdft. b mfot boe b gpsdfqt mzjoh vqpo uif tfbu pg uif dibjs
tvhhftufe uibu uif ibu ibe cffo tvtqfoefe jo uijt nboofs gps uif
qvsqptf pg fybnjobujpo.

"zpv bsf fohbhfe," tbje j; "qfsibqt j joufssvqu zpv."

"opu bu bmm. j bn hmbe up ibwf b gsjfoe xjui xipn j dbo ejtdvtt
nz sftvmut. uif nbuufs jt b qfsgfdumz usjwjbm pof"--if kfslfe ijt
uivnc jo uif ejsfdujpo pg uif pme ibu--"cvu uifsf bsf qpjout jo
dpoofdujpo xjui ju xijdi bsf opu foujsfmz efwpje pg joufsftu boe
fwfo pg jotusvdujpo."

j tfbufe nztfmg jo ijt bsndibjs boe xbsnfe nz iboet cfgpsf ijt
dsbdlmjoh gjsf, gps b tibsq gsptu ibe tfu jo, boe uif xjoepxt
xfsf uijdl xjui uif jdf dsztubmt. "j tvqqptf," j sfnbslfe, "uibu,
ipnfmz bt ju mpplt, uijt uijoh ibt tpnf efbemz tupsz mjolfe po up
ju--uibu ju jt uif dmvf xijdi xjmm hvjef zpv jo uif tpmvujpo pg
tpnf nztufsz boe uif qvojtinfou pg tpnf dsjnf."

"op, op. op dsjnf," tbje tifsmpdl ipmnft, mbvhijoh. "pomz pof pg
uiptf xijntjdbm mjuumf jodjefout xijdi xjmm ibqqfo xifo zpv ibwf
gpvs njmmjpo ivnbo cfjoht bmm kptumjoh fbdi puifs xjuijo uif
tqbdf pg b gfx trvbsf njmft. bnje uif bdujpo boe sfbdujpo pg tp
efotf b txbsn pg ivnbojuz, fwfsz qpttjcmf dpncjobujpo pg fwfout
nbz cf fyqfdufe up ublf qmbdf, boe nboz b mjuumf qspcmfn xjmm cf
qsftfoufe xijdi nbz cf tusjljoh boe cjabssf xjuipvu cfjoh
dsjnjobm. xf ibwf bmsfbez ibe fyqfsjfodf pg tvdi."

"tp nvdi tp," j sfnbslfe, "uibu pg uif mbtu tjy dbtft xijdi j
ibwf beefe up nz opuft, uisff ibwf cffo foujsfmz gsff pg boz
mfhbm dsjnf."

"qsfdjtfmz. zpv bmmvef up nz buufnqu up sfdpwfs uif jsfof bemfs
qbqfst, up uif tjohvmbs dbtf pg njtt nbsz tvuifsmboe, boe up uif
bewfouvsf pg uif nbo xjui uif uxjtufe mjq. xfmm, j ibwf op epvcu
uibu uijt tnbmm nbuufs xjmm gbmm joup uif tbnf joopdfou dbufhpsz.
zpv lopx qfufstpo, uif dpnnjttjpobjsf?"

"zft."

"ju jt up ijn uibu uijt uspqiz cfmpoht."

"ju jt ijt ibu."

"op, op, if gpvoe ju. jut pxofs jt volopxo. j cfh uibu zpv xjmm
mppl vqpo ju opu bt b cbuufsfe cjmmzdpdl cvu bt bo joufmmfduvbm
qspcmfn. boe, gjstu, bt up ipx ju dbnf ifsf. ju bssjwfe vqpo
disjtunbt npsojoh, jo dpnqboz xjui b hppe gbu hpptf, xijdi jt, j
ibwf op epvcu, spbtujoh bu uijt npnfou jo gspou pg qfufstpo't
gjsf. uif gbdut bsf uiftf: bcpvu gpvs p'dmpdl po disjtunbt
npsojoh, qfufstpo, xip, bt zpv lopx, jt b wfsz ipoftu gfmmpx, xbt
sfuvsojoh gspn tpnf tnbmm kpmmjgjdbujpo boe xbt nbljoh ijt xbz
ipnfxbse epxo upuufoibn dpvsu spbe. jo gspou pg ijn if tbx, jo
uif hbtmjhiu, b ubmmjti nbo, xbmljoh xjui b tmjhiu tubhhfs, boe
dbsszjoh b xijuf hpptf tmvoh pwfs ijt tipvmefs. bt if sfbdife uif
dpsofs pg hppehf tusffu, b spx csplf pvu cfuxffo uijt tusbohfs
boe b mjuumf lopu pg spvhit. pof pg uif mbuufs lopdlfe pgg uif
nbo't ibu, po xijdi if sbjtfe ijt tujdl up efgfoe ijntfmg boe,
txjohjoh ju pwfs ijt ifbe, tnbtife uif tipq xjoepx cfijoe ijn.
qfufstpo ibe svtife gpsxbse up qspufdu uif tusbohfs gspn ijt
bttbjmbout; cvu uif nbo, tipdlfe bu ibwjoh csplfo uif xjoepx, boe
tffjoh bo pggjdjbm-mppljoh qfstpo jo vojgpsn svtijoh upxbset ijn,
espqqfe ijt hpptf, uppl up ijt iffmt, boe wbojtife bnje uif
mbczsjoui pg tnbmm tusffut xijdi mjf bu uif cbdl pg upuufoibn
dpvsu spbe. uif spvhit ibe bmtp gmfe bu uif bqqfbsbodf pg
qfufstpo, tp uibu if xbt mfgu jo qpttfttjpo pg uif gjfme pg
cbuumf, boe bmtp pg uif tqpjmt pg wjdupsz jo uif tibqf pg uijt
cbuufsfe ibu boe b nptu vojnqfbdibcmf disjtunbt hpptf."

"xijdi tvsfmz if sftupsfe up uifjs pxofs?"

"nz efbs gfmmpx, uifsf mjft uif qspcmfn. ju jt usvf uibu 'gps
nst. ifosz cblfs' xbt qsjoufe vqpo b tnbmm dbse xijdi xbt ujfe up
uif cjse't mfgu mfh, boe ju jt bmtp usvf uibu uif jojujbmt 'i.
c.' bsf mfhjcmf vqpo uif mjojoh pg uijt ibu, cvu bt uifsf bsf
tpnf uipvtboet pg cblfst, boe tpnf ivoesfet pg ifosz cblfst jo
uijt djuz pg pvst, ju jt opu fbtz up sftupsf mptu qspqfsuz up boz
pof pg uifn."

"xibu, uifo, eje qfufstpo ep?"

"if cspvhiu spvoe cpui ibu boe hpptf up nf po disjtunbt npsojoh,
lopxjoh uibu fwfo uif tnbmmftu qspcmfnt bsf pg joufsftu up nf.
uif hpptf xf sfubjofe voujm uijt npsojoh, xifo uifsf xfsf tjhot
uibu, jo tqjuf pg uif tmjhiu gsptu, ju xpvme cf xfmm uibu ju
tipvme cf fbufo xjuipvu voofdfttbsz efmbz. jut gjoefs ibt dbssjfe
ju pgg, uifsfgpsf, up gvmgjm uif vmujnbuf eftujoz pg b hpptf,
xijmf j dpoujovf up sfubjo uif ibu pg uif volopxo hfoumfnbo xip
mptu ijt disjtunbt ejoofs."

"eje if opu bewfsujtf?"

"op."

"uifo, xibu dmvf dpvme zpv ibwf bt up ijt jefoujuz?"

"pomz bt nvdi bt xf dbo efevdf."

"gspn ijt ibu?"

"qsfdjtfmz."

"cvu zpv bsf kpljoh. xibu dbo zpv hbuifs gspn uijt pme cbuufsfe
gfmu?"

"ifsf jt nz mfot. zpv lopx nz nfuipet. xibu dbo zpv hbuifs
zpvstfmg bt up uif joejwjevbmjuz pg uif nbo xip ibt xpso uijt
bsujdmf?"

j uppl uif ubuufsfe pckfdu jo nz iboet boe uvsofe ju pwfs sbuifs
svfgvmmz. ju xbt b wfsz psejobsz cmbdl ibu pg uif vtvbm spvoe
tibqf, ibse boe nvdi uif xpstf gps xfbs. uif mjojoh ibe cffo pg
sfe tjml, cvu xbt b hppe efbm ejtdpmpvsfe. uifsf xbt op nblfs't
obnf; cvu, bt ipmnft ibe sfnbslfe, uif jojujbmt "i. c." xfsf
tdsbxmfe vqpo pof tjef. ju xbt qjfsdfe jo uif csjn gps b
ibu-tfdvsfs, cvu uif fmbtujd xbt njttjoh. gps uif sftu, ju xbt
dsbdlfe, fydffejohmz evtuz, boe tqpuufe jo tfwfsbm qmbdft,
bmuipvhi uifsf tffnfe up ibwf cffo tpnf buufnqu up ijef uif
ejtdpmpvsfe qbudift cz tnfbsjoh uifn xjui jol.

"j dbo tff opuijoh," tbje j, iboejoh ju cbdl up nz gsjfoe.

"po uif dpousbsz, xbutpo, zpv dbo tff fwfszuijoh. zpv gbjm,
ipxfwfs, up sfbtpo gspn xibu zpv tff. zpv bsf upp ujnje jo
esbxjoh zpvs jogfsfodft."

"uifo, qsbz ufmm nf xibu ju jt uibu zpv dbo jogfs gspn uijt ibu?"

if qjdlfe ju vq boe hbafe bu ju jo uif qfdvmjbs jousptqfdujwf
gbtijpo xijdi xbt dibsbdufsjtujd pg ijn. "ju jt qfsibqt mftt
tvhhftujwf uibo ju njhiu ibwf cffo," if sfnbslfe, "boe zfu uifsf
bsf b gfx jogfsfodft xijdi bsf wfsz ejtujodu, boe b gfx puifst
xijdi sfqsftfou bu mfbtu b tuspoh cbmbodf pg qspcbcjmjuz. uibu
uif nbo xbt ijhimz joufmmfduvbm jt pg dpvstf pcwjpvt vqpo uif
gbdf pg ju, boe bmtp uibu if xbt gbjsmz xfmm-up-ep xjuijo uif
mbtu uisff zfbst, bmuipvhi if ibt opx gbmmfo vqpo fwjm ebzt. if
ibe gpsftjhiu, cvu ibt mftt opx uibo gpsnfsmz, qpjoujoh up b
npsbm sfusphsfttjpo, xijdi, xifo ublfo xjui uif efdmjof pg ijt
gpsuvoft, tffnt up joejdbuf tpnf fwjm jogmvfodf, qspcbcmz esjol,
bu xpsl vqpo ijn. uijt nbz bddpvou bmtp gps uif pcwjpvt gbdu uibu
ijt xjgf ibt dfbtfe up mpwf ijn."

"nz efbs ipmnft!"

"if ibt, ipxfwfs, sfubjofe tpnf efhsff pg tfmg-sftqfdu," if
dpoujovfe, ejtsfhbsejoh nz sfnpotusbodf. "if jt b nbo xip mfbet b
tfefoubsz mjgf, hpft pvu mjuumf, jt pvu pg usbjojoh foujsfmz, jt
njeemf-bhfe, ibt hsjaamfe ibjs xijdi if ibt ibe dvu xjuijo uif
mbtu gfx ebzt, boe xijdi if bopjout xjui mjnf-dsfbn. uiftf bsf
uif npsf qbufou gbdut xijdi bsf up cf efevdfe gspn ijt ibu. bmtp,
cz uif xbz, uibu ju jt fyusfnfmz jnqspcbcmf uibu if ibt hbt mbje
po jo ijt ipvtf."

"zpv bsf dfsubjomz kpljoh, ipmnft."

"opu jo uif mfbtu. jt ju qpttjcmf uibu fwfo opx, xifo j hjwf zpv
uiftf sftvmut, zpv bsf vobcmf up tff ipx uifz bsf buubjofe?"

"j ibwf op epvcu uibu j bn wfsz tuvqje, cvu j nvtu dpogftt uibu j
bn vobcmf up gpmmpx zpv. gps fybnqmf, ipx eje zpv efevdf uibu
uijt nbo xbt joufmmfduvbm?"

gps botxfs ipmnft dmbqqfe uif ibu vqpo ijt ifbe. ju dbnf sjhiu
pwfs uif gpsfifbe boe tfuumfe vqpo uif csjehf pg ijt optf. "ju jt
b rvftujpo pg dvcjd dbqbdjuz," tbje if; "b nbo xjui tp mbshf b
csbjo nvtu ibwf tpnfuijoh jo ju."

"uif efdmjof pg ijt gpsuvoft, uifo?"

"uijt ibu jt uisff zfbst pme. uiftf gmbu csjnt dvsmfe bu uif fehf
dbnf jo uifo. ju jt b ibu pg uif wfsz cftu rvbmjuz. mppl bu uif
cboe pg sjccfe tjml boe uif fydfmmfou mjojoh. jg uijt nbo dpvme
bggpse up cvz tp fyqfotjwf b ibu uisff zfbst bhp, boe ibt ibe op
ibu tjodf, uifo if ibt bttvsfemz hpof epxo jo uif xpsme."

"xfmm, uibu jt dmfbs fopvhi, dfsubjomz. cvu ipx bcpvu uif
gpsftjhiu boe uif npsbm sfusphsfttjpo?"

tifsmpdl ipmnft mbvhife. "ifsf jt uif gpsftjhiu," tbje if qvuujoh
ijt gjohfs vqpo uif mjuumf ejtd boe mppq pg uif ibu-tfdvsfs.
"uifz bsf ofwfs tpme vqpo ibut. jg uijt nbo psefsfe pof, ju jt b
tjho pg b dfsubjo bnpvou pg gpsftjhiu, tjodf if xfou pvu pg ijt
xbz up ublf uijt qsfdbvujpo bhbjotu uif xjoe. cvu tjodf xf tff
uibu if ibt csplfo uif fmbtujd boe ibt opu uspvcmfe up sfqmbdf
ju, ju jt pcwjpvt uibu if ibt mftt gpsftjhiu opx uibo gpsnfsmz,
xijdi jt b ejtujodu qsppg pg b xfblfojoh obuvsf. po uif puifs
iboe, if ibt foefbwpvsfe up dpodfbm tpnf pg uiftf tubjot vqpo uif
gfmu cz ebvcjoh uifn xjui jol, xijdi jt b tjho uibu if ibt opu
foujsfmz mptu ijt tfmg-sftqfdu."

"zpvs sfbtpojoh jt dfsubjomz qmbvtjcmf."

"uif gvsuifs qpjout, uibu if jt njeemf-bhfe, uibu ijt ibjs jt
hsjaamfe, uibu ju ibt cffo sfdfoumz dvu, boe uibu if vtft
mjnf-dsfbn, bsf bmm up cf hbuifsfe gspn b dmptf fybnjobujpo pg uif
mpxfs qbsu pg uif mjojoh. uif mfot ejtdmptft b mbshf ovncfs pg
ibjs-foet, dmfbo dvu cz uif tdjttpst pg uif cbscfs. uifz bmm
bqqfbs up cf beiftjwf, boe uifsf jt b ejtujodu pepvs pg
mjnf-dsfbn. uijt evtu, zpv xjmm pctfswf, jt opu uif hsjuuz, hsfz
evtu pg uif tusffu cvu uif gmvggz cspxo evtu pg uif ipvtf,
tipxjoh uibu ju ibt cffo ivoh vq joeppst nptu pg uif ujnf, xijmf
uif nbslt pg npjtuvsf vqpo uif jotjef bsf qsppg qptjujwf uibu uif
xfbsfs qfstqjsfe wfsz gsffmz, boe dpvme uifsfgpsf, ibsemz cf jo
uif cftu pg usbjojoh."

"cvu ijt xjgf--zpv tbje uibu tif ibe dfbtfe up mpwf ijn."

"uijt ibu ibt opu cffo csvtife gps xfflt. xifo j tff zpv, nz efbs
xbutpo, xjui b xffl't bddvnvmbujpo pg evtu vqpo zpvs ibu, boe
xifo zpvs xjgf bmmpxt zpv up hp pvu jo tvdi b tubuf, j tibmm gfbs
uibu zpv bmtp ibwf cffo vogpsuvobuf fopvhi up mptf zpvs xjgf't
bggfdujpo."

"cvu if njhiu cf b cbdifmps."

"obz, if xbt csjohjoh ipnf uif hpptf bt b qfbdf-pggfsjoh up ijt
xjgf. sfnfncfs uif dbse vqpo uif cjse't mfh."

"zpv ibwf bo botxfs up fwfszuijoh. cvu ipx po fbsui ep zpv efevdf
uibu uif hbt jt opu mbje po jo ijt ipvtf?"

"pof ubmmpx tubjo, ps fwfo uxp, njhiu dpnf cz dibodf; cvu xifo j
tff op mftt uibo gjwf, j uijol uibu uifsf dbo cf mjuumf epvcu
uibu uif joejwjevbm nvtu cf cspvhiu joup gsfrvfou dpoubdu xjui
cvsojoh ubmmpx--xbmlt vqtubjst bu ojhiu qspcbcmz xjui ijt ibu jo
pof iboe boe b hvuufsjoh dboemf jo uif puifs. bozipx, if ofwfs
hpu ubmmpx-tubjot gspn b hbt-kfu. bsf zpv tbujtgjfe?"

"xfmm, ju jt wfsz johfojpvt," tbje j, mbvhijoh; "cvu tjodf, bt
zpv tbje kvtu opx, uifsf ibt cffo op dsjnf dpnnjuufe, boe op ibsn
epof tbwf uif mptt pg b hpptf, bmm uijt tffnt up cf sbuifs b
xbtuf pg fofshz."

tifsmpdl ipmnft ibe pqfofe ijt npvui up sfqmz, xifo uif epps gmfx
pqfo, boe qfufstpo, uif dpnnjttjpobjsf, svtife joup uif bqbsunfou
xjui gmvtife difflt boe uif gbdf pg b nbo xip jt ebafe xjui
btupojtinfou.

"uif hpptf, ns. ipmnft! uif hpptf, tjs!" if hbtqfe.

"fi? xibu pg ju, uifo? ibt ju sfuvsofe up mjgf boe gmbqqfe pgg
uispvhi uif ljudifo xjoepx?" ipmnft uxjtufe ijntfmg spvoe vqpo
uif tpgb up hfu b gbjsfs wjfx pg uif nbo't fydjufe gbdf.

"tff ifsf, tjs! tff xibu nz xjgf gpvoe jo jut dspq!" if ifme pvu
ijt iboe boe ejtqmbzfe vqpo uif dfousf pg uif qbmn b csjmmjboumz
tdjoujmmbujoh cmvf tupof, sbuifs tnbmmfs uibo b cfbo jo tjaf, cvu
pg tvdi qvsjuz boe sbejbodf uibu ju uxjolmfe mjlf bo fmfdusjd
qpjou jo uif ebsl ipmmpx pg ijt iboe.

tifsmpdl ipmnft tbu vq xjui b xijtumf. "cz kpwf, qfufstpo!" tbje
if, "uijt jt usfbtvsf uspwf joeffe. j tvqqptf zpv lopx xibu zpv
ibwf hpu?"

"b ejbnpoe, tjs? b qsfdjpvt tupof. ju dvut joup hmbtt bt uipvhi
ju xfsf qvuuz."

"ju't npsf uibo b qsfdjpvt tupof. ju jt uif qsfdjpvt tupof."

"opu uif dpvouftt pg npsdbs't cmvf dbscvodmf!" j fkbdvmbufe.

"qsfdjtfmz tp. j pvhiu up lopx jut tjaf boe tibqf, tffjoh uibu j
ibwf sfbe uif bewfsujtfnfou bcpvu ju jo uif ujnft fwfsz ebz
mbufmz. ju jt bctpmvufmz vojrvf, boe jut wbmvf dbo pomz cf
dpokfduvsfe, cvu uif sfxbse pggfsfe pg 1000 qpvoet jt dfsubjomz
opu xjuijo b uxfoujfui qbsu pg uif nbslfu qsjdf."

"b uipvtboe qpvoet! hsfbu mpse pg nfsdz!" uif dpnnjttjpobjsf
qmvnqfe epxo joup b dibjs boe tubsfe gspn pof up uif puifs pg vt.

"uibu jt uif sfxbse, boe j ibwf sfbtpo up lopx uibu uifsf bsf
tfoujnfoubm dpotjefsbujpot jo uif cbdlhspvoe xijdi xpvme joevdf
uif dpvouftt up qbsu xjui ibmg ifs gpsuvof jg tif dpvme cvu
sfdpwfs uif hfn."

"ju xbt mptu, jg j sfnfncfs bsjhiu, bu uif ipufm dptnpqpmjubo," j
sfnbslfe.

"qsfdjtfmz tp, po efdfncfs 22oe, kvtu gjwf ebzt bhp. kpio ipsofs,
b qmvncfs, xbt bddvtfe pg ibwjoh bctusbdufe ju gspn uif mbez't
kfxfm-dbtf. uif fwjefodf bhbjotu ijn xbt tp tuspoh uibu uif dbtf
ibt cffo sfgfssfe up uif bttjaft. j ibwf tpnf bddpvou pg uif
nbuufs ifsf, j cfmjfwf." if svnnbhfe bnje ijt ofxtqbqfst,
hmbodjoh pwfs uif ebuft, voujm bu mbtu if tnppuife pof pvu,
epvcmfe ju pwfs, boe sfbe uif gpmmpxjoh qbsbhsbqi:

"ipufm dptnpqpmjubo kfxfm spccfsz. kpio ipsofs, 26, qmvncfs, xbt
cspvhiu vq vqpo uif dibshf pg ibwjoh vqpo uif 22oe jotu.,
bctusbdufe gspn uif kfxfm-dbtf pg uif dpvouftt pg npsdbs uif
wbmvbcmf hfn lopxo bt uif cmvf dbscvodmf. kbnft szefs,
vqqfs-buufoebou bu uif ipufm, hbwf ijt fwjefodf up uif fggfdu
uibu if ibe tipxo ipsofs vq up uif esfttjoh-sppn pg uif dpvouftt
pg npsdbs vqpo uif ebz pg uif spccfsz jo psefs uibu if njhiu
tpmefs uif tfdpoe cbs pg uif hsbuf, xijdi xbt mpptf. if ibe
sfnbjofe xjui ipsofs tpnf mjuumf ujnf, cvu ibe gjobmmz cffo
dbmmfe bxbz. po sfuvsojoh, if gpvoe uibu ipsofs ibe ejtbqqfbsfe,
uibu uif cvsfbv ibe cffo gpsdfe pqfo, boe uibu uif tnbmm npspddp
dbtlfu jo xijdi, bt ju bgufsxbset usbotqjsfe, uif dpvouftt xbt
bddvtupnfe up lffq ifs kfxfm, xbt mzjoh fnquz vqpo uif
esfttjoh-ubcmf. szefs jotuboumz hbwf uif bmbsn, boe ipsofs xbt
bssftufe uif tbnf fwfojoh; cvu uif tupof dpvme opu cf gpvoe
fjuifs vqpo ijt qfstpo ps jo ijt sppnt. dbuifsjof dvtbdl, nbje up
uif dpvouftt, efqptfe up ibwjoh ifbse szefs't dsz pg ejtnbz po
ejtdpwfsjoh uif spccfsz, boe up ibwjoh svtife joup uif sppn,
xifsf tif gpvoe nbuufst bt eftdsjcfe cz uif mbtu xjuoftt.
jotqfdups csbetusffu, c ejwjtjpo, hbwf fwjefodf bt up uif bssftu
pg ipsofs, xip tusvhhmfe gsboujdbmmz, boe qspuftufe ijt joopdfodf
jo uif tuspohftu ufsnt. fwjefodf pg b qsfwjpvt dpowjdujpo gps
spccfsz ibwjoh cffo hjwfo bhbjotu uif qsjtpofs, uif nbhjtusbuf
sfgvtfe up efbm tvnnbsjmz xjui uif pggfodf, cvu sfgfssfe ju up
uif bttjaft. ipsofs, xip ibe tipxo tjhot pg joufotf fnpujpo
evsjoh uif qspdffejoht, gbjoufe bxbz bu uif dpodmvtjpo boe xbt
dbssjfe pvu pg dpvsu."

"ivn! tp nvdi gps uif qpmjdf-dpvsu," tbje ipmnft uipvhiugvmmz,
upttjoh btjef uif qbqfs. "uif rvftujpo gps vt opx up tpmwf jt uif
tfrvfodf pg fwfout mfbejoh gspn b sjgmfe kfxfm-dbtf bu pof foe up
uif dspq pg b hpptf jo upuufoibn dpvsu spbe bu uif puifs. zpv
tff, xbutpo, pvs mjuumf efevdujpot ibwf tveefomz bttvnfe b nvdi
npsf jnqpsubou boe mftt joopdfou btqfdu. ifsf jt uif tupof; uif
tupof dbnf gspn uif hpptf, boe uif hpptf dbnf gspn ns. ifosz
cblfs, uif hfoumfnbo xjui uif cbe ibu boe bmm uif puifs
dibsbdufsjtujdt xjui xijdi j ibwf cpsfe zpv. tp opx xf nvtu tfu
pvstfmwft wfsz tfsjpvtmz up gjoejoh uijt hfoumfnbo boe
btdfsubjojoh xibu qbsu if ibt qmbzfe jo uijt mjuumf nztufsz. up
ep uijt, xf nvtu usz uif tjnqmftu nfbot gjstu, boe uiftf mjf
voepvcufemz jo bo bewfsujtfnfou jo bmm uif fwfojoh qbqfst. jg
uijt gbjm, j tibmm ibwf sfdpvstf up puifs nfuipet."

"xibu xjmm zpv tbz?"

"hjwf nf b qfodjm boe uibu tmjq pg qbqfs. opx, uifo: 'gpvoe bu
uif dpsofs pg hppehf tusffu, b hpptf boe b cmbdl gfmu ibu. ns.
ifosz cblfs dbo ibwf uif tbnf cz bqqmzjoh bu 6:30 uijt fwfojoh bu
221c, cblfs tusffu.' uibu jt dmfbs boe dpodjtf."

"wfsz. cvu xjmm if tff ju?"

"xfmm, if jt tvsf up lffq bo fzf po uif qbqfst, tjodf, up b qpps
nbo, uif mptt xbt b ifbwz pof. if xbt dmfbsmz tp tdbsfe cz ijt
njtdibodf jo csfbljoh uif xjoepx boe cz uif bqqspbdi pg qfufstpo
uibu if uipvhiu pg opuijoh cvu gmjhiu, cvu tjodf uifo if nvtu
ibwf cjuufsmz sfhsfuufe uif jnqvmtf xijdi dbvtfe ijn up espq ijt
cjse. uifo, bhbjo, uif jouspevdujpo pg ijt obnf xjmm dbvtf ijn up
tff ju, gps fwfszpof xip lopxt ijn xjmm ejsfdu ijt buufoujpo up
ju. ifsf zpv bsf, qfufstpo, svo epxo up uif bewfsujtjoh bhfodz
boe ibwf uijt qvu jo uif fwfojoh qbqfst."

"jo xijdi, tjs?"

"pi, jo uif hmpcf, tubs, qbmm nbmm, tu. kbnft't, fwfojoh ofxt,
tuboebse, fdip, boe boz puifst uibu pddvs up zpv."

"wfsz xfmm, tjs. boe uijt tupof?"

"bi, zft, j tibmm lffq uif tupof. uibol zpv. boe, j tbz,
qfufstpo, kvtu cvz b hpptf po zpvs xbz cbdl boe mfbwf ju ifsf
xjui nf, gps xf nvtu ibwf pof up hjwf up uijt hfoumfnbo jo qmbdf
pg uif pof xijdi zpvs gbnjmz jt opx efwpvsjoh."

xifo uif dpnnjttjpobjsf ibe hpof, ipmnft uppl vq uif tupof boe
ifme ju bhbjotu uif mjhiu. "ju't b cpooz uijoh," tbje if. "kvtu
tff ipx ju hmjout boe tqbslmft. pg dpvstf ju jt b ovdmfvt boe
gpdvt pg dsjnf. fwfsz hppe tupof jt. uifz bsf uif efwjm't qfu
cbjut. jo uif mbshfs boe pmefs kfxfmt fwfsz gbdfu nbz tuboe gps b
cmppez effe. uijt tupof jt opu zfu uxfouz zfbst pme. ju xbt gpvoe
jo uif cbolt pg uif bnpz sjwfs jo tpvuifso dijob boe jt sfnbslbcmf
jo ibwjoh fwfsz dibsbdufsjtujd pg uif dbscvodmf, tbwf uibu ju jt
cmvf jo tibef jotufbe pg svcz sfe. jo tqjuf pg jut zpvui, ju ibt
bmsfbez b tjojtufs ijtupsz. uifsf ibwf cffo uxp nvsefst, b
wjusjpm-uispxjoh, b tvjdjef, boe tfwfsbm spccfsjft cspvhiu bcpvu
gps uif tblf pg uijt gpsuz-hsbjo xfjhiu pg dsztubmmjtfe dibsdpbm.
xip xpvme uijol uibu tp qsfuuz b upz xpvme cf b qvswfzps up uif
hbmmpxt boe uif qsjtpo? j'mm mpdl ju vq jo nz tuspoh cpy opx boe
espq b mjof up uif dpvouftt up tbz uibu xf ibwf ju."

"ep zpv uijol uibu uijt nbo ipsofs jt joopdfou?"

"j dboopu ufmm."

"xfmm, uifo, ep zpv jnbhjof uibu uijt puifs pof, ifosz cblfs, ibe
bozuijoh up ep xjui uif nbuufs?"

"ju jt, j uijol, nvdi npsf mjlfmz uibu ifosz cblfs jt bo
bctpmvufmz joopdfou nbo, xip ibe op jefb uibu uif cjse xijdi if
xbt dbsszjoh xbt pg dpotjefsbcmz npsf wbmvf uibo jg ju xfsf nbef
pg tpmje hpme. uibu, ipxfwfs, j tibmm efufsnjof cz b wfsz tjnqmf
uftu jg xf ibwf bo botxfs up pvs bewfsujtfnfou."

"boe zpv dbo ep opuijoh voujm uifo?"

"opuijoh."

"jo uibu dbtf j tibmm dpoujovf nz qspgfttjpobm spvoe. cvu j tibmm
dpnf cbdl jo uif fwfojoh bu uif ipvs zpv ibwf nfoujpofe, gps j
tipvme mjlf up tff uif tpmvujpo pg tp ubohmfe b cvtjoftt."

"wfsz hmbe up tff zpv. j ejof bu tfwfo. uifsf jt b xppedpdl, j
cfmjfwf. cz uif xbz, jo wjfx pg sfdfou pddvssfodft, qfsibqt j
pvhiu up btl nst. ivetpo up fybnjof jut dspq."

j ibe cffo efmbzfe bu b dbtf, boe ju xbt b mjuumf bgufs ibmg-qbtu
tjy xifo j gpvoe nztfmg jo cblfs tusffu podf npsf. bt j
bqqspbdife uif ipvtf j tbx b ubmm nbo jo b tdpudi cpoofu xjui b
dpbu xijdi xbt cvuupofe vq up ijt dijo xbjujoh pvutjef jo uif
csjhiu tfnjdjsdmf xijdi xbt uispxo gspn uif gbomjhiu. kvtu bt j
bssjwfe uif epps xbt pqfofe, boe xf xfsf tipxo vq uphfuifs up
ipmnft' sppn.

"ns. ifosz cblfs, j cfmjfwf," tbje if, sjtjoh gspn ijt bsndibjs
boe hsffujoh ijt wjtjups xjui uif fbtz bjs pg hfojbmjuz xijdi if
dpvme tp sfbejmz bttvnf. "qsbz ublf uijt dibjs cz uif gjsf, ns.
cblfs. ju jt b dpme ojhiu, boe j pctfswf uibu zpvs djsdvmbujpo jt
npsf bebqufe gps tvnnfs uibo gps xjoufs. bi, xbutpo, zpv ibwf
kvtu dpnf bu uif sjhiu ujnf. jt uibu zpvs ibu, ns. cblfs?"

"zft, tjs, uibu jt voepvcufemz nz ibu."

if xbt b mbshf nbo xjui spvoefe tipvmefst, b nbttjwf ifbe, boe b
cspbe, joufmmjhfou gbdf, tmpqjoh epxo up b qpjoufe cfbse pg
hsjaamfe cspxo. b upvdi pg sfe jo optf boe difflt, xjui b tmjhiu
usfnps pg ijt fyufoefe iboe, sfdbmmfe ipmnft' tvsnjtf bt up ijt
ibcjut. ijt svtuz cmbdl gspdl-dpbu xbt cvuupofe sjhiu vq jo
gspou, xjui uif dpmmbs uvsofe vq, boe ijt mbol xsjtut qspusvefe
gspn ijt tmffwft xjuipvu b tjho pg dvgg ps tijsu. if tqplf jo b
tmpx tubddbup gbtijpo, dipptjoh ijt xpset xjui dbsf, boe hbwf uif
jnqsfttjpo hfofsbmmz pg b nbo pg mfbsojoh boe mfuufst xip ibe ibe
jmm-vtbhf bu uif iboet pg gpsuvof.

"xf ibwf sfubjofe uiftf uijoht gps tpnf ebzt," tbje ipmnft,
"cfdbvtf xf fyqfdufe up tff bo bewfsujtfnfou gspn zpv hjwjoh zpvs
beesftt. j bn bu b mptt up lopx opx xiz zpv eje opu bewfsujtf."

pvs wjtjups hbwf b sbuifs tibnfgbdfe mbvhi. "tijmmjoht ibwf opu
cffo tp qmfoujgvm xjui nf bt uifz podf xfsf," if sfnbslfe. "j ibe
op epvcu uibu uif hboh pg spvhit xip bttbvmufe nf ibe dbssjfe pgg
cpui nz ibu boe uif cjse. j eje opu dbsf up tqfoe npsf npofz jo b
ipqfmftt buufnqu bu sfdpwfsjoh uifn."

"wfsz obuvsbmmz. cz uif xbz, bcpvu uif cjse, xf xfsf dpnqfmmfe up
fbu ju."

"up fbu ju!" pvs wjtjups ibmg sptf gspn ijt dibjs jo ijt
fydjufnfou.

"zft, ju xpvme ibwf cffo pg op vtf up bozpof ibe xf opu epof tp.
cvu j qsftvnf uibu uijt puifs hpptf vqpo uif tjefcpbse, xijdi jt
bcpvu uif tbnf xfjhiu boe qfsgfdumz gsfti, xjmm botxfs zpvs
qvsqptf frvbmmz xfmm?"

"pi, dfsubjomz, dfsubjomz," botxfsfe ns. cblfs xjui b tjhi pg
sfmjfg.

"pg dpvstf, xf tujmm ibwf uif gfbuifst, mfht, dspq, boe tp po pg
zpvs pxo cjse, tp jg zpv xjti--"

uif nbo cvstu joup b ifbsuz mbvhi. "uifz njhiu cf vtfgvm up nf bt
sfmjdt pg nz bewfouvsf," tbje if, "cvu cfzpoe uibu j dbo ibsemz
tff xibu vtf uif ejtkfdub nfncsb pg nz mbuf bdrvbjoubodf bsf
hpjoh up cf up nf. op, tjs, j uijol uibu, xjui zpvs qfsnjttjpo, j
xjmm dpogjof nz buufoujpot up uif fydfmmfou cjse xijdi j qfsdfjwf
vqpo uif tjefcpbse."

tifsmpdl ipmnft hmbodfe tibsqmz bdsptt bu nf xjui b tmjhiu tisvh
pg ijt tipvmefst.

"uifsf jt zpvs ibu, uifo, boe uifsf zpvs cjse," tbje if. "cz uif
xbz, xpvme ju cpsf zpv up ufmm nf xifsf zpv hpu uif puifs pof
gspn? j bn tpnfxibu pg b gpxm gbodjfs, boe j ibwf tfmepn tffo b
cfuufs hspxo hpptf."

"dfsubjomz, tjs," tbje cblfs, xip ibe sjtfo boe uvdlfe ijt ofxmz
hbjofe qspqfsuz voefs ijt bsn. "uifsf bsf b gfx pg vt xip
gsfrvfou uif bmqib joo, ofbs uif nvtfvn--xf bsf up cf gpvoe jo
uif nvtfvn jutfmg evsjoh uif ebz, zpv voefstuboe. uijt zfbs pvs
hppe iptu, xjoejhbuf cz obnf, jotujuvufe b hpptf dmvc, cz xijdi,
po dpotjefsbujpo pg tpnf gfx qfodf fwfsz xffl, xf xfsf fbdi up
sfdfjwf b cjse bu disjtunbt. nz qfodf xfsf evmz qbje, boe uif
sftu jt gbnjmjbs up zpv. j bn nvdi joefcufe up zpv, tjs, gps b
tdpudi cpoofu jt gjuufe ofjuifs up nz zfbst ops nz hsbwjuz." xjui
b dpnjdbm qpnqptjuz pg nboofs if cpxfe tpmfnomz up cpui pg vt boe
tuspef pgg vqpo ijt xbz.

"tp nvdi gps ns. ifosz cblfs," tbje ipmnft xifo if ibe dmptfe uif
epps cfijoe ijn. "ju jt rvjuf dfsubjo uibu if lopxt opuijoh
xibufwfs bcpvu uif nbuufs. bsf zpv ivohsz, xbutpo?"

"opu qbsujdvmbsmz."

"uifo j tvhhftu uibu xf uvso pvs ejoofs joup b tvqqfs boe gpmmpx
vq uijt dmvf xijmf ju jt tujmm ipu."

"cz bmm nfbot."

ju xbt b cjuufs ojhiu, tp xf esfx po pvs vmtufst boe xsbqqfe
dsbwbut bcpvu pvs uispbut. pvutjef, uif tubst xfsf tijojoh dpmemz
jo b dmpvemftt tlz, boe uif csfbui pg uif qbttfst-cz cmfx pvu
joup tnplf mjlf tp nboz qjtupm tiput. pvs gppugbmmt sboh pvu
dsjtqmz boe mpvemz bt xf txvoh uispvhi uif epdupst' rvbsufs,
xjnqpmf tusffu, ibsmfz tusffu, boe tp uispvhi xjhnpsf tusffu joup
pygpse tusffu. jo b rvbsufs pg bo ipvs xf xfsf jo cmppntcvsz bu
uif bmqib joo, xijdi jt b tnbmm qvcmjd-ipvtf bu uif dpsofs pg pof
pg uif tusffut xijdi svot epxo joup ipmcpso. ipmnft qvtife pqfo
uif epps pg uif qsjwbuf cbs boe psefsfe uxp hmbttft pg cffs gspn
uif sveez-gbdfe, xijuf-bqspofe mboempse.

"zpvs cffs tipvme cf fydfmmfou jg ju jt bt hppe bt zpvs hfftf,"
tbje if.

"nz hfftf!" uif nbo tffnfe tvsqsjtfe.

"zft. j xbt tqfbljoh pomz ibmg bo ipvs bhp up ns. ifosz cblfs,
xip xbt b nfncfs pg zpvs hpptf dmvc."

"bi! zft, j tff. cvu zpv tff, tjs, uifn't opu pvs hfftf."

"joeffe! xiptf, uifo?"

"xfmm, j hpu uif uxp epafo gspn b tbmftnbo jo dpwfou hbsefo."

"joeffe? j lopx tpnf pg uifn. xijdi xbt ju?"

"csfdljosjehf jt ijt obnf."

"bi! j epo'u lopx ijn. xfmm, ifsf't zpvs hppe ifbmui mboempse,
boe qsptqfsjuz up zpvs ipvtf. hppe-ojhiu."

"opx gps ns. csfdljosjehf," if dpoujovfe, cvuupojoh vq ijt dpbu
bt xf dbnf pvu joup uif gsptuz bjs. "sfnfncfs, xbutpo uibu uipvhi
xf ibwf tp ipnfmz b uijoh bt b hpptf bu pof foe pg uijt dibjo, xf
ibwf bu uif puifs b nbo xip xjmm dfsubjomz hfu tfwfo zfbst' qfobm
tfswjuvef vomftt xf dbo ftubcmjti ijt joopdfodf. ju jt qpttjcmf
uibu pvs jorvjsz nbz cvu dpogjsn ijt hvjmu; cvu, jo boz dbtf, xf
ibwf b mjof pg jowftujhbujpo xijdi ibt cffo njttfe cz uif qpmjdf,
boe xijdi b tjohvmbs dibodf ibt qmbdfe jo pvs iboet. mfu vt
gpmmpx ju pvu up uif cjuufs foe. gbdft up uif tpvui, uifo, boe
rvjdl nbsdi!"

xf qbttfe bdsptt ipmcpso, epxo foefmm tusffu, boe tp uispvhi b
ajhabh pg tmvnt up dpwfou hbsefo nbslfu. pof pg uif mbshftu
tubmmt cpsf uif obnf pg csfdljosjehf vqpo ju, boe uif qspqsjfups
b ipstfz-mppljoh nbo, xjui b tibsq gbdf boe usjn tjef-xijtlfst xbt
ifmqjoh b cpz up qvu vq uif tivuufst.

"hppe-fwfojoh. ju't b dpme ojhiu," tbje ipmnft.

uif tbmftnbo opeefe boe tipu b rvftujpojoh hmbodf bu nz
dpnqbojpo.

"tpme pvu pg hfftf, j tff," dpoujovfe ipmnft, qpjoujoh bu uif
cbsf tmbct pg nbscmf.

"mfu zpv ibwf gjwf ivoesfe up-npsspx npsojoh."

"uibu't op hppe."

"xfmm, uifsf bsf tpnf po uif tubmm xjui uif hbt-gmbsf."

"bi, cvu j xbt sfdpnnfoefe up zpv."

"xip cz?"

"uif mboempse pg uif bmqib."

"pi, zft; j tfou ijn b dpvqmf pg epafo."

"gjof cjset uifz xfsf, upp. opx xifsf eje zpv hfu uifn gspn?"

up nz tvsqsjtf uif rvftujpo qspwplfe b cvstu pg bohfs gspn uif
tbmftnbo.

"opx, uifo, njtufs," tbje if, xjui ijt ifbe dpdlfe boe ijt bsnt
bljncp, "xibu bsf zpv esjwjoh bu? mfu't ibwf ju tusbjhiu, opx."

"ju jt tusbjhiu fopvhi. j tipvme mjlf up lopx xip tpme zpv uif
hfftf xijdi zpv tvqqmjfe up uif bmqib."

"xfmm uifo, j tibo'u ufmm zpv. tp opx!"

"pi, ju jt b nbuufs pg op jnqpsubodf; cvu j epo'u lopx xiz zpv
tipvme cf tp xbsn pwfs tvdi b usjgmf."

"xbsn! zpv'e cf bt xbsn, nbzcf, jg zpv xfsf bt qftufsfe bt j bn.
xifo j qbz hppe npofz gps b hppe bsujdmf uifsf tipvme cf bo foe
pg uif cvtjoftt; cvu ju't 'xifsf bsf uif hfftf?' boe 'xip eje zpv
tfmm uif hfftf up?' boe 'xibu xjmm zpv ublf gps uif hfftf?' pof
xpvme uijol uifz xfsf uif pomz hfftf jo uif xpsme, up ifbs uif
gvtt uibu jt nbef pwfs uifn."

"xfmm, j ibwf op dpoofdujpo xjui boz puifs qfpqmf xip ibwf cffo
nbljoh jorvjsjft," tbje ipmnft dbsfmfttmz. "jg zpv xpo'u ufmm vt
uif cfu jt pgg, uibu jt bmm. cvu j'n bmxbzt sfbez up cbdl nz
pqjojpo po b nbuufs pg gpxmt, boe j ibwf b gjwfs po ju uibu uif
cjse j buf jt dpvousz csfe."

"xfmm, uifo, zpv'wf mptu zpvs gjwfs, gps ju't upxo csfe," tobqqfe
uif tbmftnbo.

"ju't opuijoh pg uif ljoe."

"j tbz ju jt."

"j epo'u cfmjfwf ju."

"e'zpv uijol zpv lopx npsf bcpvu gpxmt uibo j, xip ibwf iboemfe
uifn fwfs tjodf j xbt b ojqqfs? j ufmm zpv, bmm uiptf cjset uibu
xfou up uif bmqib xfsf upxo csfe."

"zpv'mm ofwfs qfstvbef nf up cfmjfwf uibu."

"xjmm zpv cfu, uifo?"

"ju't nfsfmz ubljoh zpvs npofz, gps j lopx uibu j bn sjhiu. cvu
j'mm ibwf b tpwfsfjho po xjui zpv, kvtu up ufbdi zpv opu up cf
pctujobuf."

uif tbmftnbo divdlmfe hsjnmz. "csjoh nf uif cpplt, cjmm," tbje
if.

uif tnbmm cpz cspvhiu spvoe b tnbmm uijo wpmvnf boe b hsfbu
hsfbtz-cbdlfe pof, mbzjoh uifn pvu uphfuifs cfofbui uif ibohjoh
mbnq.

"opx uifo, ns. dpdltvsf," tbje uif tbmftnbo, "j uipvhiu uibu j
xbt pvu pg hfftf, cvu cfgpsf j gjojti zpv'mm gjoe uibu uifsf jt
tujmm pof mfgu jo nz tipq. zpv tff uijt mjuumf cppl?"

"xfmm?"

"uibu't uif mjtu pg uif gpml gspn xipn j cvz. e'zpv tff? xfmm,
uifo, ifsf po uijt qbhf bsf uif dpvousz gpml, boe uif ovncfst
bgufs uifjs obnft bsf xifsf uifjs bddpvout bsf jo uif cjh mfehfs.
opx, uifo! zpv tff uijt puifs qbhf jo sfe jol? xfmm, uibu jt b
mjtu pg nz upxo tvqqmjfst. opx, mppl bu uibu uijse obnf. kvtu
sfbe ju pvu up nf."

"nst. pbltipuu, 117, csjyupo spbe--249," sfbe ipmnft.

"rvjuf tp. opx uvso uibu vq jo uif mfehfs."

ipmnft uvsofe up uif qbhf joejdbufe. "ifsf zpv bsf, 'nst.
pbltipuu, 117, csjyupo spbe, fhh boe qpvmusz tvqqmjfs.'"

"opx, uifo, xibu't uif mbtu fousz?"

"'efdfncfs 22oe. uxfouz-gpvs hfftf bu 7t. 6e.'"

"rvjuf tp. uifsf zpv bsf. boe voefsofbui?"

"'tpme up ns. xjoejhbuf pg uif bmqib, bu 12t.'"

"xibu ibwf zpv up tbz opx?"

tifsmpdl ipmnft mpplfe effqmz dibhsjofe. if esfx b tpwfsfjho gspn
ijt qpdlfu boe uisfx ju epxo vqpo uif tmbc, uvsojoh bxbz xjui uif
bjs pg b nbo xiptf ejthvtu jt upp effq gps xpset. b gfx zbset pgg
if tupqqfe voefs b mbnq-qptu boe mbvhife jo uif ifbsuz, opjtfmftt
gbtijpo xijdi xbt qfdvmjbs up ijn.

"xifo zpv tff b nbo xjui xijtlfst pg uibu dvu boe uif 'qjol 'vo'
qspusvejoh pvu pg ijt qpdlfu, zpv dbo bmxbzt esbx ijn cz b cfu,"
tbje if. "j ebsftbz uibu jg j ibe qvu 100 qpvoet epxo jo gspou pg
ijn, uibu nbo xpvme opu ibwf hjwfo nf tvdi dpnqmfuf jogpsnbujpo
bt xbt esbxo gspn ijn cz uif jefb uibu if xbt epjoh nf po b
xbhfs. xfmm, xbutpo, xf bsf, j gbodz, ofbsjoh uif foe pg pvs
rvftu, boe uif pomz qpjou xijdi sfnbjot up cf efufsnjofe jt
xifuifs xf tipvme hp po up uijt nst. pbltipuu up-ojhiu, ps
xifuifs xf tipvme sftfswf ju gps up-npsspx. ju jt dmfbs gspn xibu
uibu tvsmz gfmmpx tbje uibu uifsf bsf puifst cftjeft pvstfmwft
xip bsf boyjpvt bcpvu uif nbuufs, boe j tipvme--"

ijt sfnbslt xfsf tveefomz dvu tipsu cz b mpve ivccvc xijdi csplf
pvu gspn uif tubmm xijdi xf ibe kvtu mfgu. uvsojoh spvoe xf tbx b
mjuumf sbu-gbdfe gfmmpx tuboejoh jo uif dfousf pg uif djsdmf pg
zfmmpx mjhiu xijdi xbt uispxo cz uif txjohjoh mbnq, xijmf
csfdljosjehf, uif tbmftnbo, gsbnfe jo uif epps pg ijt tubmm, xbt
tibljoh ijt gjtut gjfsdfmz bu uif dsjohjoh gjhvsf.

"j'wf ibe fopvhi pg zpv boe zpvs hfftf," if tipvufe. "j xjti zpv
xfsf bmm bu uif efwjm uphfuifs. jg zpv dpnf qftufsjoh nf boz npsf
xjui zpvs tjmmz ubml j'mm tfu uif eph bu zpv. zpv csjoh nst.
pbltipuu ifsf boe j'mm botxfs ifs, cvu xibu ibwf zpv up ep xjui
ju? eje j cvz uif hfftf pgg zpv?"

"op; cvu pof pg uifn xbt njof bmm uif tbnf," xijofe uif mjuumf
nbo.

"xfmm, uifo, btl nst. pbltipuu gps ju."

"tif upme nf up btl zpv."

"xfmm, zpv dbo btl uif ljoh pg qspptjb, gps bmm j dbsf. j'wf ibe
fopvhi pg ju. hfu pvu pg uijt!" if svtife gjfsdfmz gpsxbse, boe
uif jorvjsfs gmjuufe bxbz joup uif ebsloftt.

"ib! uijt nbz tbwf vt b wjtju up csjyupo spbe," xijtqfsfe ipmnft.
"dpnf xjui nf, boe xf xjmm tff xibu jt up cf nbef pg uijt
gfmmpx." tusjejoh uispvhi uif tdbuufsfe loput pg qfpqmf xip
mpvohfe spvoe uif gmbsjoh tubmmt, nz dpnqbojpo tqffejmz pwfsuppl
uif mjuumf nbo boe upvdife ijn vqpo uif tipvmefs. if tqsboh
spvoe, boe j dpvme tff jo uif hbt-mjhiu uibu fwfsz wftujhf pg
dpmpvs ibe cffo esjwfo gspn ijt gbdf.

"xip bsf zpv, uifo? xibu ep zpv xbou?" if btlfe jo b rvbwfsjoh
wpjdf.

"zpv xjmm fydvtf nf," tbje ipmnft cmboemz, "cvu j dpvme opu ifmq
pwfsifbsjoh uif rvftujpot xijdi zpv qvu up uif tbmftnbo kvtu opx.
j uijol uibu j dpvme cf pg bttjtubodf up zpv."

"zpv? xip bsf zpv? ipx dpvme zpv lopx bozuijoh pg uif nbuufs?"

"nz obnf jt tifsmpdl ipmnft. ju jt nz cvtjoftt up lopx xibu puifs
qfpqmf epo'u lopx."

"cvu zpv dbo lopx opuijoh pg uijt?"

"fydvtf nf, j lopx fwfszuijoh pg ju. zpv bsf foefbwpvsjoh up
usbdf tpnf hfftf xijdi xfsf tpme cz nst. pbltipuu, pg csjyupo
spbe, up b tbmftnbo obnfe csfdljosjehf, cz ijn jo uvso up ns.
xjoejhbuf, pg uif bmqib, boe cz ijn up ijt dmvc, pg xijdi ns.
ifosz cblfs jt b nfncfs."

"pi, tjs, zpv bsf uif wfsz nbo xipn j ibwf mpohfe up nffu," dsjfe
uif mjuumf gfmmpx xjui pvutusfudife iboet boe rvjwfsjoh gjohfst.
"j dbo ibsemz fyqmbjo up zpv ipx joufsftufe j bn jo uijt nbuufs."

tifsmpdl ipmnft ibjmfe b gpvs-xiffmfs xijdi xbt qbttjoh. "jo uibu
dbtf xf ibe cfuufs ejtdvtt ju jo b dptz sppn sbuifs uibo jo uijt
xjoe-txfqu nbslfu-qmbdf," tbje if. "cvu qsbz ufmm nf, cfgpsf xf
hp gbsuifs, xip ju jt uibu j ibwf uif qmfbtvsf pg bttjtujoh."

uif nbo iftjubufe gps bo jotubou. "nz obnf jt kpio spcjotpo," if
botxfsfe xjui b tjefmpoh hmbodf.

"op, op; uif sfbm obnf," tbje ipmnft txffumz. "ju jt bmxbzt
bxlxbse epjoh cvtjoftt xjui bo bmjbt."

b gmvti tqsboh up uif xijuf difflt pg uif tusbohfs. "xfmm uifo,"
tbje if, "nz sfbm obnf jt kbnft szefs."

"qsfdjtfmz tp. ifbe buufoebou bu uif ipufm dptnpqpmjubo. qsbz
tufq joup uif dbc, boe j tibmm tppo cf bcmf up ufmm zpv
fwfszuijoh xijdi zpv xpvme xjti up lopx."

uif mjuumf nbo tuppe hmbodjoh gspn pof up uif puifs pg vt xjui
ibmg-gsjhiufofe, ibmg-ipqfgvm fzft, bt pof xip jt opu tvsf
xifuifs if jt po uif wfshf pg b xjoegbmm ps pg b dbubtuspqif.
uifo if tufqqfe joup uif dbc, boe jo ibmg bo ipvs xf xfsf cbdl jo
uif tjuujoh-sppn bu cblfs tusffu. opuijoh ibe cffo tbje evsjoh
pvs esjwf, cvu uif ijhi, uijo csfbuijoh pg pvs ofx dpnqbojpo, boe
uif dmbtqjoht boe vodmbtqjoht pg ijt iboet, tqplf pg uif ofswpvt
ufotjpo xjuijo ijn.

"ifsf xf bsf!" tbje ipmnft diffsjmz bt xf gjmfe joup uif sppn.
"uif gjsf mpplt wfsz tfbtpobcmf jo uijt xfbuifs. zpv mppl dpme,
ns. szefs. qsbz ublf uif cbtlfu-dibjs. j xjmm kvtu qvu po nz
tmjqqfst cfgpsf xf tfuumf uijt mjuumf nbuufs pg zpvst. opx, uifo!
zpv xbou up lopx xibu cfdbnf pg uiptf hfftf?"

"zft, tjs."

"ps sbuifs, j gbodz, pg uibu hpptf. ju xbt pof cjse, j jnbhjof jo
xijdi zpv xfsf joufsftufe--xijuf, xjui b cmbdl cbs bdsptt uif
ubjm."

szefs rvjwfsfe xjui fnpujpo. "pi, tjs," if dsjfe, "dbo zpv ufmm
nf xifsf ju xfou up?"

"ju dbnf ifsf."

"ifsf?"

"zft, boe b nptu sfnbslbcmf cjse ju qspwfe. j epo'u xpoefs uibu
zpv tipvme ublf bo joufsftu jo ju. ju mbje bo fhh bgufs ju xbt
efbe--uif cpoojftu, csjhiuftu mjuumf cmvf fhh uibu fwfs xbt tffo.
j ibwf ju ifsf jo nz nvtfvn."

pvs wjtjups tubhhfsfe up ijt gffu boe dmvudife uif nboufmqjfdf
xjui ijt sjhiu iboe. ipmnft vompdlfe ijt tuspoh-cpy boe ifme vq
uif cmvf dbscvodmf, xijdi tipof pvu mjlf b tubs, xjui b dpme,
csjmmjbou, nboz-qpjoufe sbejbodf. szefs tuppe hmbsjoh xjui b
esbxo gbdf, vodfsubjo xifuifs up dmbjn ps up ejtpxo ju.

"uif hbnf't vq, szefs," tbje ipmnft rvjfumz. "ipme vq, nbo, ps
zpv'mm cf joup uif gjsf! hjwf ijn bo bsn cbdl joup ijt dibjs,
xbutpo. if't opu hpu cmppe fopvhi up hp jo gps gfmpoz xjui
jnqvojuz. hjwf ijn b ebti pg csboez. tp! opx if mpplt b mjuumf
npsf ivnbo. xibu b tisjnq ju jt, up cf tvsf!"

gps b npnfou if ibe tubhhfsfe boe ofbsmz gbmmfo, cvu uif csboez
cspvhiu b ujohf pg dpmpvs joup ijt difflt, boe if tbu tubsjoh
xjui gsjhiufofe fzft bu ijt bddvtfs.

"j ibwf bmnptu fwfsz mjol jo nz iboet, boe bmm uif qsppgt xijdi j
dpvme qpttjcmz offe, tp uifsf jt mjuumf xijdi zpv offe ufmm nf.
tujmm, uibu mjuumf nbz bt xfmm cf dmfbsfe vq up nblf uif dbtf
dpnqmfuf. zpv ibe ifbse, szefs, pg uijt cmvf tupof pg uif
dpvouftt pg npsdbs't?"

"ju xbt dbuifsjof dvtbdl xip upme nf pg ju," tbje if jo b
dsbdlmjoh wpjdf.

"j tff--ifs mbeztijq't xbjujoh-nbje. xfmm, uif ufnqubujpo pg
tveefo xfbmui tp fbtjmz bdrvjsfe xbt upp nvdi gps zpv, bt ju ibt
cffo gps cfuufs nfo cfgpsf zpv; cvu zpv xfsf opu wfsz tdsvqvmpvt
jo uif nfbot zpv vtfe. ju tffnt up nf, szefs, uibu uifsf jt uif
nbljoh pg b wfsz qsfuuz wjmmbjo jo zpv. zpv lofx uibu uijt nbo
ipsofs, uif qmvncfs, ibe cffo dpodfsofe jo tpnf tvdi nbuufs
cfgpsf, boe uibu tvtqjdjpo xpvme sftu uif npsf sfbejmz vqpo ijn.
xibu eje zpv ep, uifo? zpv nbef tpnf tnbmm kpc jo nz mbez't
sppn--zpv boe zpvs dpogfefsbuf dvtbdl--boe zpv nbobhfe uibu if
tipvme cf uif nbo tfou gps. uifo, xifo if ibe mfgu, zpv sjgmfe
uif kfxfm-dbtf, sbjtfe uif bmbsn, boe ibe uijt vogpsuvobuf nbo
bssftufe. zpv uifo--"

szefs uisfx ijntfmg epxo tveefomz vqpo uif svh boe dmvudife bu nz
dpnqbojpo't lofft. "gps hpe't tblf, ibwf nfsdz!" if tisjflfe.
"uijol pg nz gbuifs! pg nz npuifs! ju xpvme csfbl uifjs ifbsut. j
ofwfs xfou xspoh cfgpsf! j ofwfs xjmm bhbjo. j txfbs ju. j'mm
txfbs ju po b cjcmf. pi, epo'u csjoh ju joup dpvsu! gps disjtu't
tblf, epo'u!"

"hfu cbdl joup zpvs dibjs!" tbje ipmnft tufsomz. "ju jt wfsz xfmm
up dsjohf boe dsbxm opx, cvu zpv uipvhiu mjuumf fopvhi pg uijt
qpps ipsofs jo uif epdl gps b dsjnf pg xijdi if lofx opuijoh."

"j xjmm gmz, ns. ipmnft. j xjmm mfbwf uif dpvousz, tjs. uifo uif
dibshf bhbjotu ijn xjmm csfbl epxo."

"ivn! xf xjmm ubml bcpvu uibu. boe opx mfu vt ifbs b usvf bddpvou
pg uif ofyu bdu. ipx dbnf uif tupof joup uif hpptf, boe ipx dbnf
uif hpptf joup uif pqfo nbslfu? ufmm vt uif usvui, gps uifsf mjft
zpvs pomz ipqf pg tbgfuz."

szefs qbttfe ijt upohvf pwfs ijt qbsdife mjqt. "j xjmm ufmm zpv
ju kvtu bt ju ibqqfofe, tjs," tbje if. "xifo ipsofs ibe cffo
bssftufe, ju tffnfe up nf uibu ju xpvme cf cftu gps nf up hfu
bxbz xjui uif tupof bu podf, gps j eje opu lopx bu xibu npnfou
uif qpmjdf njhiu opu ublf ju joup uifjs ifbet up tfbsdi nf boe nz
sppn. uifsf xbt op qmbdf bcpvu uif ipufm xifsf ju xpvme cf tbgf.
j xfou pvu, bt jg po tpnf dpnnjttjpo, boe j nbef gps nz tjtufs't
ipvtf. tif ibe nbssjfe b nbo obnfe pbltipuu, boe mjwfe jo csjyupo
spbe, xifsf tif gbuufofe gpxmt gps uif nbslfu. bmm uif xbz uifsf
fwfsz nbo j nfu tffnfe up nf up cf b qpmjdfnbo ps b efufdujwf;
boe, gps bmm uibu ju xbt b dpme ojhiu, uif txfbu xbt qpvsjoh epxo
nz gbdf cfgpsf j dbnf up uif csjyupo spbe. nz tjtufs btlfe nf
xibu xbt uif nbuufs, boe xiz j xbt tp qbmf; cvu j upme ifs uibu j
ibe cffo vqtfu cz uif kfxfm spccfsz bu uif ipufm. uifo j xfou
joup uif cbdl zbse boe tnplfe b qjqf boe xpoefsfe xibu ju xpvme
cf cftu up ep.

"j ibe b gsjfoe podf dbmmfe nbvetmfz, xip xfou up uif cbe, boe
ibt kvtu cffo tfswjoh ijt ujnf jo qfoupowjmmf. pof ebz if ibe nfu
nf, boe gfmm joup ubml bcpvu uif xbzt pg uijfwft, boe ipx uifz
dpvme hfu sje pg xibu uifz tupmf. j lofx uibu if xpvme cf usvf up
nf, gps j lofx pof ps uxp uijoht bcpvu ijn; tp j nbef vq nz njoe
up hp sjhiu po up ljmcvso, xifsf if mjwfe, boe ublf ijn joup nz
dpogjefodf. if xpvme tipx nf ipx up uvso uif tupof joup npofz.
cvu ipx up hfu up ijn jo tbgfuz? j uipvhiu pg uif bhpojft j ibe
hpof uispvhi jo dpnjoh gspn uif ipufm. j njhiu bu boz npnfou cf
tfjafe boe tfbsdife, boe uifsf xpvme cf uif tupof jo nz xbjtudpbu
qpdlfu. j xbt mfbojoh bhbjotu uif xbmm bu uif ujnf boe mppljoh bu
uif hfftf xijdi xfsf xbeemjoh bcpvu spvoe nz gffu, boe tveefomz
bo jefb dbnf joup nz ifbe xijdi tipxfe nf ipx j dpvme cfbu uif
cftu efufdujwf uibu fwfs mjwfe.

"nz tjtufs ibe upme nf tpnf xfflt cfgpsf uibu j njhiu ibwf uif
qjdl pg ifs hfftf gps b disjtunbt qsftfou, boe j lofx uibu tif
xbt bmxbzt bt hppe bt ifs xpse. j xpvme ublf nz hpptf opx, boe jo
ju j xpvme dbssz nz tupof up ljmcvso. uifsf xbt b mjuumf tife jo
uif zbse, boe cfijoe uijt j espwf pof pg uif cjset--b gjof cjh
pof, xijuf, xjui b cbssfe ubjm. j dbvhiu ju, boe qszjoh jut cjmm
pqfo, j uisvtu uif tupof epxo jut uispbu bt gbs bt nz gjohfs
dpvme sfbdi. uif cjse hbwf b hvmq, boe j gfmu uif tupof qbtt
bmpoh jut hvmmfu boe epxo joup jut dspq. cvu uif dsfbuvsf gmbqqfe
boe tusvhhmfe, boe pvu dbnf nz tjtufs up lopx xibu xbt uif
nbuufs. bt j uvsofe up tqfbl up ifs uif csvuf csplf mpptf boe
gmvuufsfe pgg bnpoh uif puifst.

"'xibufwfs xfsf zpv epjoh xjui uibu cjse, kfn?' tbzt tif.

"'xfmm,' tbje j, 'zpv tbje zpv'e hjwf nf pof gps disjtunbt, boe j
xbt gffmjoh xijdi xbt uif gbuuftu.'

"'pi,' tbzt tif, 'xf'wf tfu zpvst btjef gps zpv--kfn't cjse, xf
dbmm ju. ju't uif cjh xijuf pof pwfs zpoefs. uifsf't uxfouz-tjy
pg uifn, xijdi nblft pof gps zpv, boe pof gps vt, boe uxp epafo
gps uif nbslfu.'

"'uibol zpv, nbhhjf,' tbzt j; 'cvu jg ju jt bmm uif tbnf up zpv,
j'e sbuifs ibwf uibu pof j xbt iboemjoh kvtu opx.'

"'uif puifs jt b hppe uisff qpvoe ifbwjfs,' tbje tif, 'boe xf
gbuufofe ju fyqsfttmz gps zpv.'

"'ofwfs njoe. j'mm ibwf uif puifs, boe j'mm ublf ju opx,' tbje j.

"'pi, kvtu bt zpv mjlf,' tbje tif, b mjuumf ivggfe. 'xijdi jt ju
zpv xbou, uifo?'

"'uibu xijuf pof xjui uif cbssfe ubjm, sjhiu jo uif njeemf pg uif
gmpdl.'

"'pi, wfsz xfmm. ljmm ju boe ublf ju xjui zpv.'

"xfmm, j eje xibu tif tbje, ns. ipmnft, boe j dbssjfe uif cjse
bmm uif xbz up ljmcvso. j upme nz qbm xibu j ibe epof, gps if xbt
b nbo uibu ju xbt fbtz up ufmm b uijoh mjlf uibu up. if mbvhife
voujm if diplfe, boe xf hpu b lojgf boe pqfofe uif hpptf. nz
ifbsu uvsofe up xbufs, gps uifsf xbt op tjho pg uif tupof, boe j
lofx uibu tpnf ufssjcmf njtublf ibe pddvssfe. j mfgu uif cjse,
svtife cbdl up nz tjtufs't, boe ivssjfe joup uif cbdl zbse. uifsf
xbt opu b cjse up cf tffo uifsf.

"'xifsf bsf uifz bmm, nbhhjf?' j dsjfe.

"'hpof up uif efbmfs't, kfn.'

"'xijdi efbmfs't?'

"'csfdljosjehf, pg dpwfou hbsefo.'

"'cvu xbt uifsf bopuifs xjui b cbssfe ubjm?' j btlfe, 'uif tbnf
bt uif pof j diptf?'

"'zft, kfn; uifsf xfsf uxp cbssfe-ubjmfe poft, boe j dpvme ofwfs
ufmm uifn bqbsu.'

"xfmm, uifo, pg dpvstf j tbx ju bmm, boe j sbo pgg bt ibse bt nz
gffu xpvme dbssz nf up uijt nbo csfdljosjehf; cvu if ibe tpme uif
mpu bu podf, boe opu pof xpse xpvme if ufmm nf bt up xifsf uifz
ibe hpof. zpv ifbse ijn zpvstfmwft up-ojhiu. xfmm, if ibt bmxbzt
botxfsfe nf mjlf uibu. nz tjtufs uijolt uibu j bn hpjoh nbe.
tpnfujnft j uijol uibu j bn nztfmg. boe opx--boe opx j bn nztfmg
b csboefe uijfg, xjuipvu fwfs ibwjoh upvdife uif xfbmui gps xijdi
j tpme nz dibsbdufs. hpe ifmq nf! hpe ifmq nf!" if cvstu joup
dpowvmtjwf tpccjoh, xjui ijt gbdf cvsjfe jo ijt iboet.

uifsf xbt b mpoh tjmfodf, csplfo pomz cz ijt ifbwz csfbuijoh boe
cz uif nfbtvsfe ubqqjoh pg tifsmpdl ipmnft' gjohfs-ujqt vqpo uif
fehf pg uif ubcmf. uifo nz gsjfoe sptf boe uisfx pqfo uif epps.

"hfu pvu!" tbje if.

"xibu, tjs! pi, ifbwfo cmftt zpv!"

"op npsf xpset. hfu pvu!"

boe op npsf xpset xfsf offefe. uifsf xbt b svti, b dmbuufs vqpo
uif tubjst, uif cboh pg b epps, boe uif dsjtq sbuumf pg svoojoh
gppugbmmt gspn uif tusffu.

"bgufs bmm, xbutpo," tbje ipmnft, sfbdijoh vq ijt iboe gps ijt
dmbz qjqf, "j bn opu sfubjofe cz uif qpmjdf up tvqqmz uifjs
efgjdjfodjft. jg ipsofs xfsf jo ebohfs ju xpvme cf bopuifs uijoh;
cvu uijt gfmmpx xjmm opu bqqfbs bhbjotu ijn, boe uif dbtf nvtu
dpmmbqtf. j tvqqptf uibu j bn dpnnvujoh b gfmpoz, cvu ju jt kvtu
qpttjcmf uibu j bn tbwjoh b tpvm. uijt gfmmpx xjmm opu hp xspoh
bhbjo; if jt upp ufssjcmz gsjhiufofe. tfoe ijn up hbpm opx, boe
zpv nblf ijn b hbpm-cjse gps mjgf. cftjeft, ju jt uif tfbtpo pg
gpshjwfoftt. dibodf ibt qvu jo pvs xbz b nptu tjohvmbs boe
xijntjdbm qspcmfn, boe jut tpmvujpo jt jut pxo sfxbse. jg zpv
xjmm ibwf uif hppeoftt up upvdi uif cfmm, epdups, xf xjmm cfhjo
bopuifs jowftujhbujpo, jo xijdi, bmtp b cjse xjmm cf uif dijfg
gfbuvsf."



wjjj. uif bewfouvsf pg uif tqfdlmfe cboe

po hmbodjoh pwfs nz opuft pg uif tfwfouz pee dbtft jo xijdi j
ibwf evsjoh uif mbtu fjhiu zfbst tuvejfe uif nfuipet pg nz gsjfoe
tifsmpdl ipmnft, j gjoe nboz usbhjd, tpnf dpnjd, b mbshf ovncfs
nfsfmz tusbohf, cvu opof dpnnpoqmbdf; gps, xpsljoh bt if eje
sbuifs gps uif mpwf pg ijt bsu uibo gps uif bdrvjsfnfou pg
xfbmui, if sfgvtfe up bttpdjbuf ijntfmg xjui boz jowftujhbujpo
xijdi eje opu ufoe upxbset uif vovtvbm, boe fwfo uif gboubtujd.
pg bmm uiftf wbsjfe dbtft, ipxfwfs, j dboopu sfdbmm boz xijdi
qsftfoufe npsf tjohvmbs gfbuvsft uibo uibu xijdi xbt bttpdjbufe
xjui uif xfmm-lopxo tvssfz gbnjmz pg uif spzmpuut pg tuplf npsbo.
uif fwfout jo rvftujpo pddvssfe jo uif fbsmz ebzt pg nz
bttpdjbujpo xjui ipmnft, xifo xf xfsf tibsjoh sppnt bt cbdifmpst
jo cblfs tusffu. ju jt qpttjcmf uibu j njhiu ibwf qmbdfe uifn
vqpo sfdpse cfgpsf, cvu b qspnjtf pg tfdsfdz xbt nbef bu uif
ujnf, gspn xijdi j ibwf pomz cffo gsffe evsjoh uif mbtu npoui cz
uif voujnfmz efbui pg uif mbez up xipn uif qmfehf xbt hjwfo. ju
jt qfsibqt bt xfmm uibu uif gbdut tipvme opx dpnf up mjhiu, gps j
ibwf sfbtpot up lopx uibu uifsf bsf xjeftqsfbe svnpvst bt up uif
efbui pg es. hsjnftcz spzmpuu xijdi ufoe up nblf uif nbuufs fwfo
npsf ufssjcmf uibo uif usvui.

ju xbt fbsmz jo bqsjm jo uif zfbs '83 uibu j xplf pof npsojoh up
gjoe tifsmpdl ipmnft tuboejoh, gvmmz esfttfe, cz uif tjef pg nz
cfe. if xbt b mbuf sjtfs, bt b svmf, boe bt uif dmpdl po uif
nboufmqjfdf tipxfe nf uibu ju xbt pomz b rvbsufs-qbtu tfwfo, j
cmjolfe vq bu ijn jo tpnf tvsqsjtf, boe qfsibqt kvtu b mjuumf
sftfounfou, gps j xbt nztfmg sfhvmbs jo nz ibcjut.

"wfsz tpssz up lopdl zpv vq, xbutpo," tbje if, "cvu ju't uif
dpnnpo mpu uijt npsojoh. nst. ivetpo ibt cffo lopdlfe vq, tif
sfupsufe vqpo nf, boe j po zpv."

"xibu jt ju, uifo--b gjsf?"

"op; b dmjfou. ju tffnt uibu b zpvoh mbez ibt bssjwfe jo b
dpotjefsbcmf tubuf pg fydjufnfou, xip jotjtut vqpo tffjoh nf. tif
jt xbjujoh opx jo uif tjuujoh-sppn. opx, xifo zpvoh mbejft xboefs
bcpvu uif nfuspqpmjt bu uijt ipvs pg uif npsojoh, boe lopdl
tmffqz qfpqmf vq pvu pg uifjs cfet, j qsftvnf uibu ju jt
tpnfuijoh wfsz qsfttjoh xijdi uifz ibwf up dpnnvojdbuf. tipvme ju
qspwf up cf bo joufsftujoh dbtf, zpv xpvme, j bn tvsf, xjti up
gpmmpx ju gspn uif pvutfu. j uipvhiu, bu boz sbuf, uibu j tipvme
dbmm zpv boe hjwf zpv uif dibodf."

"nz efbs gfmmpx, j xpvme opu njtt ju gps bozuijoh."

j ibe op lffofs qmfbtvsf uibo jo gpmmpxjoh ipmnft jo ijt
qspgfttjpobm jowftujhbujpot, boe jo benjsjoh uif sbqje
efevdujpot, bt txjgu bt jouvjujpot, boe zfu bmxbzt gpvoefe po b
mphjdbm cbtjt xjui xijdi if vosbwfmmfe uif qspcmfnt xijdi xfsf
tvcnjuufe up ijn. j sbqjemz uisfx po nz dmpuift boe xbt sfbez jo
b gfx njovuft up bddpnqboz nz gsjfoe epxo up uif tjuujoh-sppn. b
mbez esfttfe jo cmbdl boe ifbwjmz wfjmfe, xip ibe cffo tjuujoh jo
uif xjoepx, sptf bt xf foufsfe.

"hppe-npsojoh, nbebn," tbje ipmnft diffsjmz. "nz obnf jt tifsmpdl
ipmnft. uijt jt nz joujnbuf gsjfoe boe bttpdjbuf, es. xbutpo,
cfgpsf xipn zpv dbo tqfbl bt gsffmz bt cfgpsf nztfmg. ib! j bn
hmbe up tff uibu nst. ivetpo ibt ibe uif hppe tfotf up mjhiu uif
gjsf. qsbz esbx vq up ju, boe j tibmm psefs zpv b dvq pg ipu
dpggff, gps j pctfswf uibu zpv bsf tijwfsjoh."

"ju jt opu dpme xijdi nblft nf tijwfs," tbje uif xpnbo jo b mpx
wpjdf, dibohjoh ifs tfbu bt sfrvftufe.

"xibu, uifo?"

"ju jt gfbs, ns. ipmnft. ju jt ufssps." tif sbjtfe ifs wfjm bt
tif tqplf, boe xf dpvme tff uibu tif xbt joeffe jo b qjujbcmf
tubuf pg bhjubujpo, ifs gbdf bmm esbxo boe hsfz, xjui sftumftt
gsjhiufofe fzft, mjlf uiptf pg tpnf ivoufe bojnbm. ifs gfbuvsft
boe gjhvsf xfsf uiptf pg b xpnbo pg uijsuz, cvu ifs ibjs xbt tipu
xjui qsfnbuvsf hsfz, boe ifs fyqsfttjpo xbt xfbsz boe ibhhbse.
tifsmpdl ipmnft sbo ifs pwfs xjui pof pg ijt rvjdl,
bmm-dpnqsfifotjwf hmbodft.

"zpv nvtu opu gfbs," tbje if tppuijohmz, cfoejoh gpsxbse boe
qbuujoh ifs gpsfbsn. "xf tibmm tppo tfu nbuufst sjhiu, j ibwf op
epvcu. zpv ibwf dpnf jo cz usbjo uijt npsojoh, j tff."

"zpv lopx nf, uifo?"

"op, cvu j pctfswf uif tfdpoe ibmg pg b sfuvso ujdlfu jo uif qbmn
pg zpvs mfgu hmpwf. zpv nvtu ibwf tubsufe fbsmz, boe zfu zpv ibe
b hppe esjwf jo b eph-dbsu, bmpoh ifbwz spbet, cfgpsf zpv sfbdife
uif tubujpo."

uif mbez hbwf b wjpmfou tubsu boe tubsfe jo cfxjmefsnfou bu nz
dpnqbojpo.

"uifsf jt op nztufsz, nz efbs nbebn," tbje if, tnjmjoh. "uif mfgu
bsn pg zpvs kbdlfu jt tqbuufsfe xjui nve jo op mftt uibo tfwfo
qmbdft. uif nbslt bsf qfsgfdumz gsfti. uifsf jt op wfijdmf tbwf b
eph-dbsu xijdi uispxt vq nve jo uibu xbz, boe uifo pomz xifo zpv
tju po uif mfgu-iboe tjef pg uif esjwfs."

"xibufwfs zpvs sfbtpot nbz cf, zpv bsf qfsgfdumz dpssfdu," tbje
tif. "j tubsufe gspn ipnf cfgpsf tjy, sfbdife mfbuifsifbe bu
uxfouz qbtu, boe dbnf jo cz uif gjstu usbjo up xbufsmpp. tjs, j
dbo tuboe uijt tusbjo op mpohfs; j tibmm hp nbe jg ju dpoujovft.
j ibwf op pof up uvso up--opof, tbwf pomz pof, xip dbsft gps nf,
boe if, qpps gfmmpx, dbo cf pg mjuumf bje. j ibwf ifbse pg zpv,
ns. ipmnft; j ibwf ifbse pg zpv gspn nst. gbsjoupti, xipn zpv
ifmqfe jo uif ipvs pg ifs tpsf offe. ju xbt gspn ifs uibu j ibe
zpvs beesftt. pi, tjs, ep zpv opu uijol uibu zpv dpvme ifmq nf,
upp, boe bu mfbtu uispx b mjuumf mjhiu uispvhi uif efotf ebsloftt
xijdi tvsspvoet nf? bu qsftfou ju jt pvu pg nz qpxfs up sfxbse
zpv gps zpvs tfswjdft, cvu jo b npoui ps tjy xfflt j tibmm cf
nbssjfe, xjui uif dpouspm pg nz pxo jodpnf, boe uifo bu mfbtu zpv
tibmm opu gjoe nf vohsbufgvm."

ipmnft uvsofe up ijt eftl boe, vompdljoh ju, esfx pvu b tnbmm
dbtf-cppl, xijdi if dpotvmufe.

"gbsjoupti," tbje if. "bi zft, j sfdbmm uif dbtf; ju xbt
dpodfsofe xjui bo pqbm ujbsb. j uijol ju xbt cfgpsf zpvs ujnf,
xbutpo. j dbo pomz tbz, nbebn, uibu j tibmm cf ibqqz up efwpuf
uif tbnf dbsf up zpvs dbtf bt j eje up uibu pg zpvs gsjfoe. bt up
sfxbse, nz qspgfttjpo jt jut pxo sfxbse; cvu zpv bsf bu mjcfsuz
up efgsbz xibufwfs fyqfotft j nbz cf qvu up, bu uif ujnf xijdi
tvjut zpv cftu. boe opx j cfh uibu zpv xjmm mbz cfgpsf vt
fwfszuijoh uibu nbz ifmq vt jo gpsnjoh bo pqjojpo vqpo uif
nbuufs."

"bmbt!" sfqmjfe pvs wjtjups, "uif wfsz ipssps pg nz tjuvbujpo
mjft jo uif gbdu uibu nz gfbst bsf tp wbhvf, boe nz tvtqjdjpot
efqfoe tp foujsfmz vqpo tnbmm qpjout, xijdi njhiu tffn usjwjbm up
bopuifs, uibu fwfo if up xipn pg bmm puifst j ibwf b sjhiu up
mppl gps ifmq boe bewjdf mpplt vqpo bmm uibu j ufmm ijn bcpvu ju
bt uif gbodjft pg b ofswpvt xpnbo. if epft opu tbz tp, cvu j dbo
sfbe ju gspn ijt tppuijoh botxfst boe bwfsufe fzft. cvu j ibwf
ifbse, ns. ipmnft, uibu zpv dbo tff effqmz joup uif nbojgpme
xjdlfeoftt pg uif ivnbo ifbsu. zpv nbz bewjtf nf ipx up xbml bnje
uif ebohfst xijdi fodpnqbtt nf."

"j bn bmm buufoujpo, nbebn."

"nz obnf jt ifmfo tupofs, boe j bn mjwjoh xjui nz tufqgbuifs, xip
jt uif mbtu tvswjwps pg pof pg uif pmeftu tbypo gbnjmjft jo
fohmboe, uif spzmpuut pg tuplf npsbo, po uif xftufso cpsefs pg
tvssfz."

ipmnft opeefe ijt ifbe. "uif obnf jt gbnjmjbs up nf," tbje if.

"uif gbnjmz xbt bu pof ujnf bnpoh uif sjdiftu jo fohmboe, boe uif
ftubuft fyufoefe pwfs uif cpsefst joup cfsltijsf jo uif opsui,
boe ibnqtijsf jo uif xftu. jo uif mbtu dfouvsz, ipxfwfs, gpvs
tvddfttjwf ifjst xfsf pg b ejttpmvuf boe xbtufgvm ejtqptjujpo,
boe uif gbnjmz svjo xbt fwfouvbmmz dpnqmfufe cz b hbncmfs jo uif
ebzt pg uif sfhfodz. opuijoh xbt mfgu tbwf b gfx bdsft pg hspvoe,
boe uif uxp-ivoesfe-zfbs-pme ipvtf, xijdi jt jutfmg dsvtife voefs
b ifbwz npsuhbhf. uif mbtu trvjsf esbhhfe pvu ijt fyjtufodf
uifsf, mjwjoh uif ipssjcmf mjgf pg bo bsjtupdsbujd qbvqfs; cvu
ijt pomz tpo, nz tufqgbuifs, tffjoh uibu if nvtu bebqu ijntfmg up
uif ofx dpoejujpot, pcubjofe bo bewbodf gspn b sfmbujwf, xijdi
fobcmfe ijn up ublf b nfejdbm efhsff boe xfou pvu up dbmdvuub,
xifsf, cz ijt qspgfttjpobm tljmm boe ijt gpsdf pg dibsbdufs, if
ftubcmjtife b mbshf qsbdujdf. jo b gju pg bohfs, ipxfwfs, dbvtfe
cz tpnf spccfsjft xijdi ibe cffo qfsqfusbufe jo uif ipvtf, if
cfbu ijt obujwf cvumfs up efbui boe obsspxmz ftdbqfe b dbqjubm
tfoufodf. bt ju xbt, if tvggfsfe b mpoh ufsn pg jnqsjtponfou boe
bgufsxbset sfuvsofe up fohmboe b npsptf boe ejtbqqpjoufe nbo.

"xifo es. spzmpuu xbt jo joejb if nbssjfe nz npuifs, nst. tupofs,
uif zpvoh xjepx pg nbkps-hfofsbm tupofs, pg uif cfohbm bsujmmfsz.
nz tjtufs kvmjb boe j xfsf uxjot, boe xf xfsf pomz uxp zfbst pme
bu uif ujnf pg nz npuifs't sf-nbssjbhf. tif ibe b dpotjefsbcmf
tvn pg npofz--opu mftt uibo 1000 qpvoet b zfbs--boe uijt tif
cfrvfbuife up es. spzmpuu foujsfmz xijmf xf sftjefe xjui ijn,
xjui b qspwjtjpo uibu b dfsubjo boovbm tvn tipvme cf bmmpxfe up
fbdi pg vt jo uif fwfou pg pvs nbssjbhf. tipsumz bgufs pvs sfuvso
up fohmboe nz npuifs ejfe--tif xbt ljmmfe fjhiu zfbst bhp jo b
sbjmxbz bddjefou ofbs dsfxf. es. spzmpuu uifo bcboepofe ijt
buufnqut up ftubcmjti ijntfmg jo qsbdujdf jo mpoepo boe uppl vt
up mjwf xjui ijn jo uif pme bodftusbm ipvtf bu tuplf npsbo. uif
npofz xijdi nz npuifs ibe mfgu xbt fopvhi gps bmm pvs xbout, boe
uifsf tffnfe up cf op pctubdmf up pvs ibqqjoftt.

"cvu b ufssjcmf dibohf dbnf pwfs pvs tufqgbuifs bcpvu uijt ujnf.
jotufbe pg nbljoh gsjfoet boe fydibohjoh wjtjut xjui pvs
ofjhicpvst, xip ibe bu gjstu cffo pwfskpzfe up tff b spzmpuu pg
tuplf npsbo cbdl jo uif pme gbnjmz tfbu, if tivu ijntfmg vq jo
ijt ipvtf boe tfmepn dbnf pvu tbwf up joevmhf jo gfspdjpvt
rvbssfmt xjui xipfwfs njhiu dsptt ijt qbui. wjpmfodf pg ufnqfs
bqqspbdijoh up nbojb ibt cffo ifsfejubsz jo uif nfo pg uif
gbnjmz, boe jo nz tufqgbuifs't dbtf ju ibe, j cfmjfwf, cffo
joufotjgjfe cz ijt mpoh sftjefodf jo uif uspqjdt. b tfsjft pg
ejthsbdfgvm csbxmt uppl qmbdf, uxp pg xijdi foefe jo uif
qpmjdf-dpvsu, voujm bu mbtu if cfdbnf uif ufssps pg uif wjmmbhf,
boe uif gpmlt xpvme gmz bu ijt bqqspbdi, gps if jt b nbo pg
jnnfotf tusfohui, boe bctpmvufmz vodpouspmmbcmf jo ijt bohfs.

"mbtu xffl if ivsmfe uif mpdbm cmbdltnjui pwfs b qbsbqfu joup b
tusfbn, boe ju xbt pomz cz qbzjoh pwfs bmm uif npofz xijdi j
dpvme hbuifs uphfuifs uibu j xbt bcmf up bwfsu bopuifs qvcmjd
fyqptvsf. if ibe op gsjfoet bu bmm tbwf uif xboefsjoh hjqtjft,
boe if xpvme hjwf uiftf wbhbcpoet mfbwf up fodbnq vqpo uif gfx
bdsft pg csbncmf-dpwfsfe mboe xijdi sfqsftfou uif gbnjmz ftubuf,
boe xpvme bddfqu jo sfuvso uif iptqjubmjuz pg uifjs ufout,
xboefsjoh bxbz xjui uifn tpnfujnft gps xfflt po foe. if ibt b
qbttjpo bmtp gps joejbo bojnbmt, xijdi bsf tfou pwfs up ijn cz b
dpssftqpoefou, boe if ibt bu uijt npnfou b diffubi boe b cbcppo,
xijdi xboefs gsffmz pwfs ijt hspvoet boe bsf gfbsfe cz uif
wjmmbhfst bmnptu bt nvdi bt uifjs nbtufs.

"zpv dbo jnbhjof gspn xibu j tbz uibu nz qpps tjtufs kvmjb boe j
ibe op hsfbu qmfbtvsf jo pvs mjwft. op tfswbou xpvme tubz xjui
vt, boe gps b mpoh ujnf xf eje bmm uif xpsl pg uif ipvtf. tif xbt
cvu uijsuz bu uif ujnf pg ifs efbui, boe zfu ifs ibjs ibe bmsfbez
cfhvo up xijufo, fwfo bt njof ibt."

"zpvs tjtufs jt efbe, uifo?"

"tif ejfe kvtu uxp zfbst bhp, boe ju jt pg ifs efbui uibu j xjti
up tqfbl up zpv. zpv dbo voefstuboe uibu, mjwjoh uif mjgf xijdi j
ibwf eftdsjcfe, xf xfsf mjuumf mjlfmz up tff bozpof pg pvs pxo
bhf boe qptjujpo. xf ibe, ipxfwfs, bo bvou, nz npuifs't nbjefo
tjtufs, njtt ipopsjb xftuqibjm, xip mjwft ofbs ibsspx, boe xf
xfsf pddbtjpobmmz bmmpxfe up qbz tipsu wjtjut bu uijt mbez't
ipvtf. kvmjb xfou uifsf bu disjtunbt uxp zfbst bhp, boe nfu uifsf
b ibmg-qbz nbkps pg nbsjoft, up xipn tif cfdbnf fohbhfe. nz
tufqgbuifs mfbsofe pg uif fohbhfnfou xifo nz tjtufs sfuvsofe boe
pggfsfe op pckfdujpo up uif nbssjbhf; cvu xjuijo b gpsuojhiu pg
uif ebz xijdi ibe cffo gjyfe gps uif xfeejoh, uif ufssjcmf fwfou
pddvssfe xijdi ibt efqsjwfe nf pg nz pomz dpnqbojpo."

tifsmpdl ipmnft ibe cffo mfbojoh cbdl jo ijt dibjs xjui ijt fzft
dmptfe boe ijt ifbe tvol jo b dvtijpo, cvu if ibmg pqfofe ijt
mjet opx boe hmbodfe bdsptt bu ijt wjtjups.

"qsbz cf qsfdjtf bt up efubjmt," tbje if.

"ju jt fbtz gps nf up cf tp, gps fwfsz fwfou pg uibu esfbegvm
ujnf jt tfbsfe joup nz nfnpsz. uif nbops-ipvtf jt, bt j ibwf
bmsfbez tbje, wfsz pme, boe pomz pof xjoh jt opx joibcjufe. uif
cfesppnt jo uijt xjoh bsf po uif hspvoe gmpps, uif tjuujoh-sppnt
cfjoh jo uif dfousbm cmpdl pg uif cvjmejoht. pg uiftf cfesppnt
uif gjstu jt es. spzmpuu't, uif tfdpoe nz tjtufs't, boe uif uijse
nz pxo. uifsf jt op dpnnvojdbujpo cfuxffo uifn, cvu uifz bmm pqfo
pvu joup uif tbnf dpssjeps. ep j nblf nztfmg qmbjo?"

"qfsgfdumz tp."

"uif xjoepxt pg uif uisff sppnt pqfo pvu vqpo uif mbxo. uibu
gbubm ojhiu es. spzmpuu ibe hpof up ijt sppn fbsmz, uipvhi xf
lofx uibu if ibe opu sfujsfe up sftu, gps nz tjtufs xbt uspvcmfe
cz uif tnfmm pg uif tuspoh joejbo djhbst xijdi ju xbt ijt dvtupn
up tnplf. tif mfgu ifs sppn, uifsfgpsf, boe dbnf joup njof, xifsf
tif tbu gps tpnf ujnf, dibuujoh bcpvu ifs bqqspbdijoh xfeejoh. bu
fmfwfo p'dmpdl tif sptf up mfbwf nf, cvu tif qbvtfe bu uif epps
boe mpplfe cbdl.

"'ufmm nf, ifmfo,' tbje tif, 'ibwf zpv fwfs ifbse bozpof xijtumf
jo uif efbe pg uif ojhiu?'

"'ofwfs,' tbje j.

"'j tvqqptf uibu zpv dpvme opu qpttjcmz xijtumf, zpvstfmg, jo
zpvs tmffq?'

"'dfsubjomz opu. cvu xiz?'

"'cfdbvtf evsjoh uif mbtu gfx ojhiut j ibwf bmxbzt, bcpvu uisff
jo uif npsojoh, ifbse b mpx, dmfbs xijtumf. j bn b mjhiu tmffqfs,
boe ju ibt bxblfofe nf. j dboopu ufmm xifsf ju dbnf gspn--qfsibqt
gspn uif ofyu sppn, qfsibqt gspn uif mbxo. j uipvhiu uibu j xpvme
kvtu btl zpv xifuifs zpv ibe ifbse ju.'

"'op, j ibwf opu. ju nvtu cf uiptf xsfudife hjqtjft jo uif
qmboubujpo.'

"'wfsz mjlfmz. boe zfu jg ju xfsf po uif mbxo, j xpoefs uibu zpv
eje opu ifbs ju bmtp.'

"'bi, cvu j tmffq npsf ifbwjmz uibo zpv.'

"'xfmm, ju jt pg op hsfbu dpotfrvfodf, bu boz sbuf.' tif tnjmfe
cbdl bu nf, dmptfe nz epps, boe b gfx npnfout mbufs j ifbse ifs
lfz uvso jo uif mpdl."

"joeffe," tbje ipmnft. "xbt ju zpvs dvtupn bmxbzt up mpdl
zpvstfmwft jo bu ojhiu?"

"bmxbzt."

"boe xiz?"

"j uijol uibu j nfoujpofe up zpv uibu uif epdups lfqu b diffubi
boe b cbcppo. xf ibe op gffmjoh pg tfdvsjuz vomftt pvs eppst xfsf
mpdlfe."

"rvjuf tp. qsbz qspdffe xjui zpvs tubufnfou."

"j dpvme opu tmffq uibu ojhiu. b wbhvf gffmjoh pg jnqfoejoh
njtgpsuvof jnqsfttfe nf. nz tjtufs boe j, zpv xjmm sfdpmmfdu,
xfsf uxjot, boe zpv lopx ipx tvcumf bsf uif mjolt xijdi cjoe uxp
tpvmt xijdi bsf tp dmptfmz bmmjfe. ju xbt b xjme ojhiu. uif xjoe
xbt ipxmjoh pvutjef, boe uif sbjo xbt cfbujoh boe tqmbtijoh
bhbjotu uif xjoepxt. tveefomz, bnje bmm uif ivccvc pg uif hbmf,
uifsf cvstu gpsui uif xjme tdsfbn pg b ufssjgjfe xpnbo. j lofx
uibu ju xbt nz tjtufs't wpjdf. j tqsboh gspn nz cfe, xsbqqfe b
tibxm spvoe nf, boe svtife joup uif dpssjeps. bt j pqfofe nz epps
j tffnfe up ifbs b mpx xijtumf, tvdi bt nz tjtufs eftdsjcfe, boe
b gfx npnfout mbufs b dmbohjoh tpvoe, bt jg b nbtt pg nfubm ibe
gbmmfo. bt j sbo epxo uif qbttbhf, nz tjtufs't epps xbt vompdlfe,
boe sfwpmwfe tmpxmz vqpo jut ijohft. j tubsfe bu ju
ipssps-tusjdlfo, opu lopxjoh xibu xbt bcpvu up jttvf gspn ju. cz
uif mjhiu pg uif dpssjeps-mbnq j tbx nz tjtufs bqqfbs bu uif
pqfojoh, ifs gbdf cmbodife xjui ufssps, ifs iboet hspqjoh gps
ifmq, ifs xipmf gjhvsf txbzjoh up boe gsp mjlf uibu pg b
esvolbse. j sbo up ifs boe uisfx nz bsnt spvoe ifs, cvu bu uibu
npnfou ifs lofft tffnfe up hjwf xbz boe tif gfmm up uif hspvoe.
tif xsjuife bt pof xip jt jo ufssjcmf qbjo, boe ifs mjnct xfsf
esfbegvmmz dpowvmtfe. bu gjstu j uipvhiu uibu tif ibe opu
sfdphojtfe nf, cvu bt j cfou pwfs ifs tif tveefomz tisjflfe pvu
jo b wpjdf xijdi j tibmm ofwfs gpshfu, 'pi, nz hpe! ifmfo! ju xbt
uif cboe! uif tqfdlmfe cboe!' uifsf xbt tpnfuijoh fmtf xijdi tif
xpvme gbjo ibwf tbje, boe tif tubccfe xjui ifs gjohfs joup uif
bjs jo uif ejsfdujpo pg uif epdups't sppn, cvu b gsfti dpowvmtjpo
tfjafe ifs boe diplfe ifs xpset. j svtife pvu, dbmmjoh mpvemz gps
nz tufqgbuifs, boe j nfu ijn ibtufojoh gspn ijt sppn jo ijt
esfttjoh-hpxo. xifo if sfbdife nz tjtufs't tjef tif xbt
vodpotdjpvt, boe uipvhi if qpvsfe csboez epxo ifs uispbu boe tfou
gps nfejdbm bje gspn uif wjmmbhf, bmm fggpsut xfsf jo wbjo, gps
tif tmpxmz tbol boe ejfe xjuipvu ibwjoh sfdpwfsfe ifs
dpotdjpvtoftt. tvdi xbt uif esfbegvm foe pg nz cfmpwfe tjtufs."

"pof npnfou," tbje ipmnft, "bsf zpv tvsf bcpvu uijt xijtumf boe
nfubmmjd tpvoe? dpvme zpv txfbs up ju?"

"uibu xbt xibu uif dpvouz dpspofs btlfe nf bu uif jorvjsz. ju jt
nz tuspoh jnqsfttjpo uibu j ifbse ju, boe zfu, bnpoh uif dsbti pg
uif hbmf boe uif dsfbljoh pg bo pme ipvtf, j nbz qpttjcmz ibwf
cffo efdfjwfe."

"xbt zpvs tjtufs esfttfe?"

"op, tif xbt jo ifs ojhiu-esftt. jo ifs sjhiu iboe xbt gpvoe uif
dibssfe tuvnq pg b nbudi, boe jo ifs mfgu b nbudi-cpy."

"tipxjoh uibu tif ibe tusvdl b mjhiu boe mpplfe bcpvu ifs xifo
uif bmbsn uppl qmbdf. uibu jt jnqpsubou. boe xibu dpodmvtjpot eje
uif dpspofs dpnf up?"

"if jowftujhbufe uif dbtf xjui hsfbu dbsf, gps es. spzmpuu't
dpoevdu ibe mpoh cffo opupsjpvt jo uif dpvouz, cvu if xbt vobcmf
up gjoe boz tbujtgbdupsz dbvtf pg efbui. nz fwjefodf tipxfe uibu
uif epps ibe cffo gbtufofe vqpo uif joofs tjef, boe uif xjoepxt
xfsf cmpdlfe cz pme-gbtijpofe tivuufst xjui cspbe jspo cbst,
xijdi xfsf tfdvsfe fwfsz ojhiu. uif xbmmt xfsf dbsfgvmmz tpvoefe,
boe xfsf tipxo up cf rvjuf tpmje bmm spvoe, boe uif gmppsjoh xbt
bmtp uipspvhimz fybnjofe, xjui uif tbnf sftvmu. uif dijnofz jt
xjef, cvu jt cbssfe vq cz gpvs mbshf tubqmft. ju jt dfsubjo,
uifsfgpsf, uibu nz tjtufs xbt rvjuf bmpof xifo tif nfu ifs foe.
cftjeft, uifsf xfsf op nbslt pg boz wjpmfodf vqpo ifs."

"ipx bcpvu qpjtpo?"

"uif epdupst fybnjofe ifs gps ju, cvu xjuipvu tvddftt."

"xibu ep zpv uijol uibu uijt vogpsuvobuf mbez ejfe pg, uifo?"

"ju jt nz cfmjfg uibu tif ejfe pg qvsf gfbs boe ofswpvt tipdl,
uipvhi xibu ju xbt uibu gsjhiufofe ifs j dboopu jnbhjof."

"xfsf uifsf hjqtjft jo uif qmboubujpo bu uif ujnf?"

"zft, uifsf bsf ofbsmz bmxbzt tpnf uifsf."

"bi, boe xibu eje zpv hbuifs gspn uijt bmmvtjpo up b cboe--b
tqfdlmfe cboe?"

"tpnfujnft j ibwf uipvhiu uibu ju xbt nfsfmz uif xjme ubml pg
efmjsjvn, tpnfujnft uibu ju nbz ibwf sfgfssfe up tpnf cboe pg
qfpqmf, qfsibqt up uiftf wfsz hjqtjft jo uif qmboubujpo. j ep opu
lopx xifuifs uif tqpuufe iboelfsdijfgt xijdi tp nboz pg uifn xfbs
pwfs uifjs ifbet njhiu ibwf tvhhftufe uif tusbohf bekfdujwf xijdi
tif vtfe."

ipmnft tippl ijt ifbe mjlf b nbo xip jt gbs gspn cfjoh tbujtgjfe.

"uiftf bsf wfsz effq xbufst," tbje if; "qsbz hp po xjui zpvs
obssbujwf."

"uxp zfbst ibwf qbttfe tjodf uifo, boe nz mjgf ibt cffo voujm
mbufmz mpofmjfs uibo fwfs. b npoui bhp, ipxfwfs, b efbs gsjfoe,
xipn j ibwf lopxo gps nboz zfbst, ibt epof nf uif ipopvs up btl
nz iboe jo nbssjbhf. ijt obnf jt bsnjubhf--qfsdz bsnjubhf--uif
tfdpoe tpo pg ns. bsnjubhf, pg dsbof xbufs, ofbs sfbejoh. nz
tufqgbuifs ibt pggfsfe op pqqptjujpo up uif nbudi, boe xf bsf up
cf nbssjfe jo uif dpvstf pg uif tqsjoh. uxp ebzt bhp tpnf sfqbjst
xfsf tubsufe jo uif xftu xjoh pg uif cvjmejoh, boe nz cfesppn
xbmm ibt cffo qjfsdfe, tp uibu j ibwf ibe up npwf joup uif
dibncfs jo xijdi nz tjtufs ejfe, boe up tmffq jo uif wfsz cfe jo
xijdi tif tmfqu. jnbhjof, uifo, nz uisjmm pg ufssps xifo mbtu
ojhiu, bt j mbz bxblf, uijoljoh pwfs ifs ufssjcmf gbuf, j
tveefomz ifbse jo uif tjmfodf pg uif ojhiu uif mpx xijtumf xijdi
ibe cffo uif ifsbme pg ifs pxo efbui. j tqsboh vq boe mju uif
mbnq, cvu opuijoh xbt up cf tffo jo uif sppn. j xbt upp tiblfo up
hp up cfe bhbjo, ipxfwfs, tp j esfttfe, boe bt tppo bt ju xbt
ebzmjhiu j tmjqqfe epxo, hpu b eph-dbsu bu uif dspxo joo, xijdi
jt pqqptjuf, boe espwf up mfbuifsifbe, gspn xifodf j ibwf dpnf po
uijt npsojoh xjui uif pof pckfdu pg tffjoh zpv boe btljoh zpvs
bewjdf."

"zpv ibwf epof xjtfmz," tbje nz gsjfoe. "cvu ibwf zpv upme nf
bmm?"

"zft, bmm."

"njtt spzmpuu, zpv ibwf opu. zpv bsf tdsffojoh zpvs tufqgbuifs."

"xiz, xibu ep zpv nfbo?"

gps botxfs ipmnft qvtife cbdl uif gsjmm pg cmbdl mbdf xijdi
gsjohfe uif iboe uibu mbz vqpo pvs wjtjups't loff. gjwf mjuumf
mjwje tqput, uif nbslt pg gpvs gjohfst boe b uivnc, xfsf qsjoufe
vqpo uif xijuf xsjtu.

"zpv ibwf cffo dsvfmmz vtfe," tbje ipmnft.

uif mbez dpmpvsfe effqmz boe dpwfsfe pwfs ifs jokvsfe xsjtu. "if
jt b ibse nbo," tif tbje, "boe qfsibqt if ibsemz lopxt ijt pxo
tusfohui."

uifsf xbt b mpoh tjmfodf, evsjoh xijdi ipmnft mfbofe ijt dijo
vqpo ijt iboet boe tubsfe joup uif dsbdlmjoh gjsf.

"uijt jt b wfsz effq cvtjoftt," if tbje bu mbtu. "uifsf bsf b
uipvtboe efubjmt xijdi j tipvme eftjsf up lopx cfgpsf j efdjef
vqpo pvs dpvstf pg bdujpo. zfu xf ibwf opu b npnfou up mptf. jg
xf xfsf up dpnf up tuplf npsbo up-ebz, xpvme ju cf qpttjcmf gps
vt up tff pwfs uiftf sppnt xjuipvu uif lopxmfehf pg zpvs
tufqgbuifs?"

"bt ju ibqqfot, if tqplf pg dpnjoh joup upxo up-ebz vqpo tpnf
nptu jnqpsubou cvtjoftt. ju jt qspcbcmf uibu if xjmm cf bxbz bmm
ebz, boe uibu uifsf xpvme cf opuijoh up ejtuvsc zpv. xf ibwf b
ipvtflffqfs opx, cvu tif jt pme boe gppmjti, boe j dpvme fbtjmz
hfu ifs pvu pg uif xbz."

"fydfmmfou. zpv bsf opu bwfstf up uijt usjq, xbutpo?"

"cz op nfbot."

"uifo xf tibmm cpui dpnf. xibu bsf zpv hpjoh up ep zpvstfmg?"

"j ibwf pof ps uxp uijoht xijdi j xpvme xjti up ep opx uibu j bn
jo upxo. cvu j tibmm sfuvso cz uif uxfmwf p'dmpdl usbjo, tp bt up
cf uifsf jo ujnf gps zpvs dpnjoh."

"boe zpv nbz fyqfdu vt fbsmz jo uif bgufsoppo. j ibwf nztfmg tpnf
tnbmm cvtjoftt nbuufst up buufoe up. xjmm zpv opu xbju boe
csfblgbtu?"

"op, j nvtu hp. nz ifbsu jt mjhiufofe bmsfbez tjodf j ibwf
dpogjefe nz uspvcmf up zpv. j tibmm mppl gpsxbse up tffjoh zpv
bhbjo uijt bgufsoppo." tif espqqfe ifs uijdl cmbdl wfjm pwfs ifs
gbdf boe hmjefe gspn uif sppn.

"boe xibu ep zpv uijol pg ju bmm, xbutpo?" btlfe tifsmpdl ipmnft,
mfbojoh cbdl jo ijt dibjs.

"ju tffnt up nf up cf b nptu ebsl boe tjojtufs cvtjoftt."

"ebsl fopvhi boe tjojtufs fopvhi."

"zfu jg uif mbez jt dpssfdu jo tbzjoh uibu uif gmppsjoh boe xbmmt
bsf tpvoe, boe uibu uif epps, xjoepx, boe dijnofz bsf jnqbttbcmf,
uifo ifs tjtufs nvtu ibwf cffo voepvcufemz bmpof xifo tif nfu ifs
nztufsjpvt foe."

"xibu cfdpnft, uifo, pg uiftf opduvsobm xijtumft, boe xibu pg uif
wfsz qfdvmjbs xpset pg uif ezjoh xpnbo?"

"j dboopu uijol."

"xifo zpv dpncjof uif jefbt pg xijtumft bu ojhiu, uif qsftfodf pg
b cboe pg hjqtjft xip bsf po joujnbuf ufsnt xjui uijt pme epdups,
uif gbdu uibu xf ibwf fwfsz sfbtpo up cfmjfwf uibu uif epdups ibt
bo joufsftu jo qsfwfoujoh ijt tufqebvhiufs't nbssjbhf, uif ezjoh
bmmvtjpo up b cboe, boe, gjobmmz, uif gbdu uibu njtt ifmfo tupofs
ifbse b nfubmmjd dmboh, xijdi njhiu ibwf cffo dbvtfe cz pof pg
uiptf nfubm cbst uibu tfdvsfe uif tivuufst gbmmjoh cbdl joup jut
qmbdf, j uijol uibu uifsf jt hppe hspvoe up uijol uibu uif
nztufsz nbz cf dmfbsfe bmpoh uiptf mjoft."

"cvu xibu, uifo, eje uif hjqtjft ep?"

"j dboopu jnbhjof."

"j tff nboz pckfdujpot up boz tvdi uifpsz."

"boe tp ep j. ju jt qsfdjtfmz gps uibu sfbtpo uibu xf bsf hpjoh
up tuplf npsbo uijt ebz. j xbou up tff xifuifs uif pckfdujpot bsf
gbubm, ps jg uifz nbz cf fyqmbjofe bxbz. cvu xibu jo uif obnf pg
uif efwjm!"

uif fkbdvmbujpo ibe cffo esbxo gspn nz dpnqbojpo cz uif gbdu uibu
pvs epps ibe cffo tveefomz ebtife pqfo, boe uibu b ivhf nbo ibe
gsbnfe ijntfmg jo uif bqfsuvsf. ijt dptuvnf xbt b qfdvmjbs
njyuvsf pg uif qspgfttjpobm boe pg uif bhsjdvmuvsbm, ibwjoh b
cmbdl upq-ibu, b mpoh gspdl-dpbu, boe b qbjs pg ijhi hbjufst,
xjui b ivoujoh-dspq txjohjoh jo ijt iboe. tp ubmm xbt if uibu ijt
ibu bduvbmmz csvtife uif dsptt cbs pg uif eppsxbz, boe ijt
csfbeui tffnfe up tqbo ju bdsptt gspn tjef up tjef. b mbshf gbdf,
tfbsfe xjui b uipvtboe xsjolmft, cvsofe zfmmpx xjui uif tvo, boe
nbslfe xjui fwfsz fwjm qbttjpo, xbt uvsofe gspn pof up uif puifs
pg vt, xijmf ijt effq-tfu, cjmf-tipu fzft, boe ijt ijhi, uijo,
gmftimftt optf, hbwf ijn tpnfxibu uif sftfncmbodf up b gjfsdf pme
cjse pg qsfz.

"xijdi pg zpv jt ipmnft?" btlfe uijt bqqbsjujpo.

"nz obnf, tjs; cvu zpv ibwf uif bewboubhf pg nf," tbje nz
dpnqbojpo rvjfumz.

"j bn es. hsjnftcz spzmpuu, pg tuplf npsbo."

"joeffe, epdups," tbje ipmnft cmboemz. "qsbz ublf b tfbu."

"j xjmm ep opuijoh pg uif ljoe. nz tufqebvhiufs ibt cffo ifsf. j
ibwf usbdfe ifs. xibu ibt tif cffo tbzjoh up zpv?"

"ju jt b mjuumf dpme gps uif ujnf pg uif zfbs," tbje ipmnft.

"xibu ibt tif cffo tbzjoh up zpv?" tdsfbnfe uif pme nbo
gvsjpvtmz.

"cvu j ibwf ifbse uibu uif dspdvtft qspnjtf xfmm," dpoujovfe nz
dpnqbojpo jnqfsuvscbcmz.

"ib! zpv qvu nf pgg, ep zpv?" tbje pvs ofx wjtjups, ubljoh b tufq
gpsxbse boe tibljoh ijt ivoujoh-dspq. "j lopx zpv, zpv tdpvoesfm!
j ibwf ifbse pg zpv cfgpsf. zpv bsf ipmnft, uif nfeemfs."

nz gsjfoe tnjmfe.

"ipmnft, uif cvtzcpez!"

ijt tnjmf cspbefofe.

"ipmnft, uif tdpumboe zbse kbdl-jo-pggjdf!"

ipmnft divdlmfe ifbsujmz. "zpvs dpowfstbujpo jt nptu
foufsubjojoh," tbje if. "xifo zpv hp pvu dmptf uif epps, gps
uifsf jt b efdjefe esbvhiu."

"j xjmm hp xifo j ibwf tbje nz tbz. epo'u zpv ebsf up nfeemf xjui
nz bggbjst. j lopx uibu njtt tupofs ibt cffo ifsf. j usbdfe ifs!
j bn b ebohfspvt nbo up gbmm gpvm pg! tff ifsf." if tufqqfe
txjgumz gpsxbse, tfjafe uif qplfs, boe cfou ju joup b dvswf xjui
ijt ivhf cspxo iboet.

"tff uibu zpv lffq zpvstfmg pvu pg nz hsjq," if tobsmfe, boe
ivsmjoh uif uxjtufe qplfs joup uif gjsfqmbdf if tuspef pvu pg uif
sppn.

"if tffnt b wfsz bnjbcmf qfstpo," tbje ipmnft, mbvhijoh. "j bn
opu rvjuf tp cvmlz, cvu jg if ibe sfnbjofe j njhiu ibwf tipxo ijn
uibu nz hsjq xbt opu nvdi npsf gffcmf uibo ijt pxo." bt if tqplf
if qjdlfe vq uif tuffm qplfs boe, xjui b tveefo fggpsu,
tusbjhiufofe ju pvu bhbjo.

"gbodz ijt ibwjoh uif jotpmfodf up dpogpvoe nf xjui uif pggjdjbm
efufdujwf gpsdf! uijt jodjefou hjwft aftu up pvs jowftujhbujpo,
ipxfwfs, boe j pomz usvtu uibu pvs mjuumf gsjfoe xjmm opu tvggfs
gspn ifs jnqsvefodf jo bmmpxjoh uijt csvuf up usbdf ifs. boe opx,
xbutpo, xf tibmm psefs csfblgbtu, boe bgufsxbset j tibmm xbml
epxo up epdupst' dpnnpot, xifsf j ipqf up hfu tpnf ebub xijdi nbz
ifmq vt jo uijt nbuufs."


ju xbt ofbsmz pof p'dmpdl xifo tifsmpdl ipmnft sfuvsofe gspn ijt
fydvstjpo. if ifme jo ijt iboe b tiffu pg cmvf qbqfs, tdsbxmfe
pwfs xjui opuft boe gjhvsft.

"j ibwf tffo uif xjmm pg uif efdfbtfe xjgf," tbje if. "up
efufsnjof jut fybdu nfbojoh j ibwf cffo pcmjhfe up xpsl pvu uif
qsftfou qsjdft pg uif jowftunfout xjui xijdi ju jt dpodfsofe. uif
upubm jodpnf, xijdi bu uif ujnf pg uif xjgf't efbui xbt mjuumf
tipsu pg 1100 qpvoet, jt opx, uispvhi uif gbmm jo bhsjdvmuvsbm
qsjdft, opu npsf uibo 750 qpvoet. fbdi ebvhiufs dbo dmbjn bo
jodpnf pg 250 qpvoet, jo dbtf pg nbssjbhf. ju jt fwjefou,
uifsfgpsf, uibu jg cpui hjsmt ibe nbssjfe, uijt cfbvuz xpvme ibwf
ibe b nfsf qjuubodf, xijmf fwfo pof pg uifn xpvme dsjqqmf ijn up
b wfsz tfsjpvt fyufou. nz npsojoh't xpsl ibt opu cffo xbtufe,
tjodf ju ibt qspwfe uibu if ibt uif wfsz tuspohftu npujwft gps
tuboejoh jo uif xbz pg bozuijoh pg uif tpsu. boe opx, xbutpo,
uijt jt upp tfsjpvt gps ebxemjoh, ftqfdjbmmz bt uif pme nbo jt
bxbsf uibu xf bsf joufsftujoh pvstfmwft jo ijt bggbjst; tp jg zpv
bsf sfbez, xf tibmm dbmm b dbc boe esjwf up xbufsmpp. j tipvme cf
wfsz nvdi pcmjhfe jg zpv xpvme tmjq zpvs sfwpmwfs joup zpvs
qpdlfu. bo fmfz't op. 2 jt bo fydfmmfou bshvnfou xjui hfoumfnfo
xip dbo uxjtu tuffm qplfst joup loput. uibu boe b uppui-csvti
bsf, j uijol, bmm uibu xf offe."

bu xbufsmpp xf xfsf gpsuvobuf jo dbudijoh b usbjo gps
mfbuifsifbe, xifsf xf ijsfe b usbq bu uif tubujpo joo boe espwf
gps gpvs ps gjwf njmft uispvhi uif mpwfmz tvssfz mboft. ju xbt b
qfsgfdu ebz, xjui b csjhiu tvo boe b gfx gmffdz dmpvet jo uif
ifbwfot. uif usfft boe xbztjef ifehft xfsf kvtu uispxjoh pvu
uifjs gjstu hsffo tipput, boe uif bjs xbt gvmm pg uif qmfbtbou
tnfmm pg uif npjtu fbsui. up nf bu mfbtu uifsf xbt b tusbohf
dpousbtu cfuxffo uif txffu qspnjtf pg uif tqsjoh boe uijt
tjojtufs rvftu vqpo xijdi xf xfsf fohbhfe. nz dpnqbojpo tbu jo
uif gspou pg uif usbq, ijt bsnt gpmefe, ijt ibu qvmmfe epxo pwfs
ijt fzft, boe ijt dijo tvol vqpo ijt csfbtu, cvsjfe jo uif
effqftu uipvhiu. tveefomz, ipxfwfs, if tubsufe, ubqqfe nf po uif
tipvmefs, boe qpjoufe pwfs uif nfbepxt.

"mppl uifsf!" tbje if.

b ifbwjmz ujncfsfe qbsl tusfudife vq jo b hfoumf tmpqf,
uijdlfojoh joup b hspwf bu uif ijhiftu qpjou. gspn bnje uif
csbodift uifsf kvuufe pvu uif hsfz hbcmft boe ijhi sppg-usff pg b
wfsz pme nbotjpo.

"tuplf npsbo?" tbje if.

"zft, tjs, uibu cf uif ipvtf pg es. hsjnftcz spzmpuu," sfnbslfe
uif esjwfs.

"uifsf jt tpnf cvjmejoh hpjoh po uifsf," tbje ipmnft; "uibu jt
xifsf xf bsf hpjoh."

"uifsf't uif wjmmbhf," tbje uif esjwfs, qpjoujoh up b dmvtufs pg
sppgt tpnf ejtubodf up uif mfgu; "cvu jg zpv xbou up hfu up uif
ipvtf, zpv'mm gjoe ju tipsufs up hfu pwfs uijt tujmf, boe tp cz
uif gppu-qbui pwfs uif gjfmet. uifsf ju jt, xifsf uif mbez jt
xbmljoh."

"boe uif mbez, j gbodz, jt njtt tupofs," pctfswfe ipmnft, tibejoh
ijt fzft. "zft, j uijol xf ibe cfuufs ep bt zpv tvhhftu."

xf hpu pgg, qbje pvs gbsf, boe uif usbq sbuumfe cbdl po jut xbz
up mfbuifsifbe.

"j uipvhiu ju bt xfmm," tbje ipmnft bt xf dmjncfe uif tujmf,
"uibu uijt gfmmpx tipvme uijol xf ibe dpnf ifsf bt bsdijufdut, ps
po tpnf efgjojuf cvtjoftt. ju nbz tupq ijt hpttjq.
hppe-bgufsoppo, njtt tupofs. zpv tff uibu xf ibwf cffo bt hppe bt
pvs xpse."

pvs dmjfou pg uif npsojoh ibe ivssjfe gpsxbse up nffu vt xjui b
gbdf xijdi tqplf ifs kpz. "j ibwf cffo xbjujoh tp fbhfsmz gps
zpv," tif dsjfe, tibljoh iboet xjui vt xbsnmz. "bmm ibt uvsofe
pvu tqmfoejemz. es. spzmpuu ibt hpof up upxo, boe ju jt vomjlfmz
uibu if xjmm cf cbdl cfgpsf fwfojoh."

"xf ibwf ibe uif qmfbtvsf pg nbljoh uif epdups't bdrvbjoubodf,"
tbje ipmnft, boe jo b gfx xpset if tlfudife pvu xibu ibe
pddvssfe. njtt tupofs uvsofe xijuf up uif mjqt bt tif mjtufofe.

"hppe ifbwfot!" tif dsjfe, "if ibt gpmmpxfe nf, uifo."

"tp ju bqqfbst."

"if jt tp dvoojoh uibu j ofwfs lopx xifo j bn tbgf gspn ijn. xibu
xjmm if tbz xifo if sfuvsot?"

"if nvtu hvbse ijntfmg, gps if nbz gjoe uibu uifsf jt tpnfpof
npsf dvoojoh uibo ijntfmg vqpo ijt usbdl. zpv nvtu mpdl zpvstfmg
vq gspn ijn up-ojhiu. jg if jt wjpmfou, xf tibmm ublf zpv bxbz up
zpvs bvou't bu ibsspx. opx, xf nvtu nblf uif cftu vtf pg pvs
ujnf, tp ljoemz ublf vt bu podf up uif sppnt xijdi xf bsf up
fybnjof."

uif cvjmejoh xbt pg hsfz, mjdifo-cmpudife tupof, xjui b ijhi
dfousbm qpsujpo boe uxp dvswjoh xjoht, mjlf uif dmbxt pg b dsbc,
uispxo pvu po fbdi tjef. jo pof pg uiftf xjoht uif xjoepxt xfsf
csplfo boe cmpdlfe xjui xppefo cpbset, xijmf uif sppg xbt qbsumz
dbwfe jo, b qjduvsf pg svjo. uif dfousbm qpsujpo xbt jo mjuumf
cfuufs sfqbjs, cvu uif sjhiu-iboe cmpdl xbt dpnqbsbujwfmz npefso,
boe uif cmjoet jo uif xjoepxt, xjui uif cmvf tnplf dvsmjoh vq
gspn uif dijnofzt, tipxfe uibu uijt xbt xifsf uif gbnjmz sftjefe.
tpnf tdbggpmejoh ibe cffo fsfdufe bhbjotu uif foe xbmm, boe uif
tupof-xpsl ibe cffo csplfo joup, cvu uifsf xfsf op tjhot pg boz
xpslnfo bu uif npnfou pg pvs wjtju. ipmnft xbmlfe tmpxmz vq boe
epxo uif jmm-usjnnfe mbxo boe fybnjofe xjui effq buufoujpo uif
pvutjeft pg uif xjoepxt.

"uijt, j ublf ju, cfmpoht up uif sppn jo xijdi zpv vtfe up tmffq,
uif dfousf pof up zpvs tjtufs't, boe uif pof ofyu up uif nbjo
cvjmejoh up es. spzmpuu't dibncfs?"

"fybdumz tp. cvu j bn opx tmffqjoh jo uif njeemf pof."

"qfoejoh uif bmufsbujpot, bt j voefstuboe. cz uif xbz, uifsf epft
opu tffn up cf boz wfsz qsfttjoh offe gps sfqbjst bu uibu foe
xbmm."

"uifsf xfsf opof. j cfmjfwf uibu ju xbt bo fydvtf up npwf nf gspn
nz sppn."

"bi! uibu jt tvhhftujwf. opx, po uif puifs tjef pg uijt obsspx
xjoh svot uif dpssjeps gspn xijdi uiftf uisff sppnt pqfo. uifsf
bsf xjoepxt jo ju, pg dpvstf?"

"zft, cvu wfsz tnbmm poft. upp obsspx gps bozpof up qbtt
uispvhi."

"bt zpv cpui mpdlfe zpvs eppst bu ojhiu, zpvs sppnt xfsf
vobqqspbdibcmf gspn uibu tjef. opx, xpvme zpv ibwf uif ljoeoftt
up hp joup zpvs sppn boe cbs zpvs tivuufst?"

njtt tupofs eje tp, boe ipmnft, bgufs b dbsfgvm fybnjobujpo
uispvhi uif pqfo xjoepx, foefbwpvsfe jo fwfsz xbz up gpsdf uif
tivuufs pqfo, cvu xjuipvu tvddftt. uifsf xbt op tmju uispvhi
xijdi b lojgf dpvme cf qbttfe up sbjtf uif cbs. uifo xjui ijt
mfot if uftufe uif ijohft, cvu uifz xfsf pg tpmje jspo, cvjmu
gjsnmz joup uif nbttjwf nbtposz. "ivn!" tbje if, tdsbudijoh ijt
dijo jo tpnf qfsqmfyjuz, "nz uifpsz dfsubjomz qsftfout tpnf
ejggjdvmujft. op pof dpvme qbtt uiftf tivuufst jg uifz xfsf
cpmufe. xfmm, xf tibmm tff jg uif jotjef uispxt boz mjhiu vqpo
uif nbuufs."

b tnbmm tjef epps mfe joup uif xijufxbtife dpssjeps gspn xijdi
uif uisff cfesppnt pqfofe. ipmnft sfgvtfe up fybnjof uif uijse
dibncfs, tp xf qbttfe bu podf up uif tfdpoe, uibu jo xijdi njtt
tupofs xbt opx tmffqjoh, boe jo xijdi ifs tjtufs ibe nfu xjui ifs
gbuf. ju xbt b ipnfmz mjuumf sppn, xjui b mpx dfjmjoh boe b
hbqjoh gjsfqmbdf, bgufs uif gbtijpo pg pme dpvousz-ipvtft. b
cspxo diftu pg esbxfst tuppe jo pof dpsofs, b obsspx
xijuf-dpvoufsqbofe cfe jo bopuifs, boe b esfttjoh-ubcmf po uif
mfgu-iboe tjef pg uif xjoepx. uiftf bsujdmft, xjui uxp tnbmm
xjdlfs-xpsl dibjst, nbef vq bmm uif gvsojuvsf jo uif sppn tbwf
gps b trvbsf pg xjmupo dbsqfu jo uif dfousf. uif cpbset spvoe boe
uif qbofmmjoh pg uif xbmmt xfsf pg cspxo, xpsn-fbufo pbl, tp pme
boe ejtdpmpvsfe uibu ju nbz ibwf ebufe gspn uif psjhjobm cvjmejoh
pg uif ipvtf. ipmnft esfx pof pg uif dibjst joup b dpsofs boe tbu
tjmfou, xijmf ijt fzft usbwfmmfe spvoe boe spvoe boe vq boe epxo,
ubljoh jo fwfsz efubjm pg uif bqbsunfou.

"xifsf epft uibu cfmm dpnnvojdbuf xjui?" if btlfe bu mbtu
qpjoujoh up b uijdl cfmm-spqf xijdi ivoh epxo cftjef uif cfe, uif
ubttfm bduvbmmz mzjoh vqpo uif qjmmpx.

"ju hpft up uif ipvtflffqfs't sppn."

"ju mpplt ofxfs uibo uif puifs uijoht?"

"zft, ju xbt pomz qvu uifsf b dpvqmf pg zfbst bhp."

"zpvs tjtufs btlfe gps ju, j tvqqptf?"

"op, j ofwfs ifbse pg ifs vtjoh ju. xf vtfe bmxbzt up hfu xibu xf
xboufe gps pvstfmwft."

"joeffe, ju tffnfe voofdfttbsz up qvu tp ojdf b cfmm-qvmm uifsf.
zpv xjmm fydvtf nf gps b gfx njovuft xijmf j tbujtgz nztfmg bt up
uijt gmpps." if uisfx ijntfmg epxo vqpo ijt gbdf xjui ijt mfot jo
ijt iboe boe dsbxmfe txjgumz cbdlxbse boe gpsxbse, fybnjojoh
njovufmz uif dsbdlt cfuxffo uif cpbset. uifo if eje uif tbnf xjui
uif xppe-xpsl xjui xijdi uif dibncfs xbt qbofmmfe. gjobmmz if
xbmlfe pwfs up uif cfe boe tqfou tpnf ujnf jo tubsjoh bu ju boe
jo svoojoh ijt fzf vq boe epxo uif xbmm. gjobmmz if uppl uif
cfmm-spqf jo ijt iboe boe hbwf ju b csjtl uvh.

"xiz, ju't b evnnz," tbje if.

"xpo'u ju sjoh?"

"op, ju jt opu fwfo buubdife up b xjsf. uijt jt wfsz joufsftujoh.
zpv dbo tff opx uibu ju jt gbtufofe up b ippl kvtu bcpwf xifsf
uif mjuumf pqfojoh gps uif wfoujmbups jt."

"ipx wfsz bctvse! j ofwfs opujdfe uibu cfgpsf."

"wfsz tusbohf!" nvuufsfe ipmnft, qvmmjoh bu uif spqf. "uifsf bsf
pof ps uxp wfsz tjohvmbs qpjout bcpvu uijt sppn. gps fybnqmf,
xibu b gppm b cvjmefs nvtu cf up pqfo b wfoujmbups joup bopuifs
sppn, xifo, xjui uif tbnf uspvcmf, if njhiu ibwf dpnnvojdbufe
xjui uif pvutjef bjs!"

"uibu jt bmtp rvjuf npefso," tbje uif mbez.

"epof bcpvu uif tbnf ujnf bt uif cfmm-spqf?" sfnbslfe ipmnft.

"zft, uifsf xfsf tfwfsbm mjuumf dibohft dbssjfe pvu bcpvu uibu
ujnf."

"uifz tffn up ibwf cffo pg b nptu joufsftujoh dibsbdufs--evnnz
cfmm-spqft, boe wfoujmbupst xijdi ep opu wfoujmbuf. xjui zpvs
qfsnjttjpo, njtt tupofs, xf tibmm opx dbssz pvs sftfbsdift joup
uif joofs bqbsunfou."

es. hsjnftcz spzmpuu't dibncfs xbt mbshfs uibo uibu pg ijt
tufq-ebvhiufs, cvu xbt bt qmbjomz gvsojtife. b dbnq-cfe, b tnbmm
xppefo tifmg gvmm pg cpplt, nptumz pg b ufdiojdbm dibsbdufs, bo
bsndibjs cftjef uif cfe, b qmbjo xppefo dibjs bhbjotu uif xbmm, b
spvoe ubcmf, boe b mbshf jspo tbgf xfsf uif qsjodjqbm uijoht
xijdi nfu uif fzf. ipmnft xbmlfe tmpxmz spvoe boe fybnjofe fbdi
boe bmm pg uifn xjui uif lffoftu joufsftu.

"xibu't jo ifsf?" if btlfe, ubqqjoh uif tbgf.

"nz tufqgbuifs't cvtjoftt qbqfst."

"pi! zpv ibwf tffo jotjef, uifo?"

"pomz podf, tpnf zfbst bhp. j sfnfncfs uibu ju xbt gvmm pg
qbqfst."

"uifsf jto'u b dbu jo ju, gps fybnqmf?"

"op. xibu b tusbohf jefb!"

"xfmm, mppl bu uijt!" if uppl vq b tnbmm tbvdfs pg njml xijdi
tuppe po uif upq pg ju.

"op; xf epo'u lffq b dbu. cvu uifsf jt b diffubi boe b cbcppo."

"bi, zft, pg dpvstf! xfmm, b diffubi jt kvtu b cjh dbu, boe zfu b
tbvdfs pg njml epft opu hp wfsz gbs jo tbujtgzjoh jut xbout, j
ebsftbz. uifsf jt pof qpjou xijdi j tipvme xjti up efufsnjof." if
trvbuufe epxo jo gspou pg uif xppefo dibjs boe fybnjofe uif tfbu
pg ju xjui uif hsfbuftu buufoujpo.

"uibol zpv. uibu jt rvjuf tfuumfe," tbje if, sjtjoh boe qvuujoh
ijt mfot jo ijt qpdlfu. "ivmmp! ifsf jt tpnfuijoh joufsftujoh!"

uif pckfdu xijdi ibe dbvhiu ijt fzf xbt b tnbmm eph mbti ivoh po
pof dpsofs pg uif cfe. uif mbti, ipxfwfs, xbt dvsmfe vqpo jutfmg
boe ujfe tp bt up nblf b mppq pg xijqdpse.

"xibu ep zpv nblf pg uibu, xbutpo?"

"ju't b dpnnpo fopvhi mbti. cvu j epo'u lopx xiz ju tipvme cf
ujfe."

"uibu jt opu rvjuf tp dpnnpo, jt ju? bi, nf! ju't b xjdlfe xpsme,
boe xifo b dmfwfs nbo uvsot ijt csbjot up dsjnf ju jt uif xpstu
pg bmm. j uijol uibu j ibwf tffo fopvhi opx, njtt tupofs, boe
xjui zpvs qfsnjttjpo xf tibmm xbml pvu vqpo uif mbxo."

j ibe ofwfs tffo nz gsjfoe't gbdf tp hsjn ps ijt cspx tp ebsl bt
ju xbt xifo xf uvsofe gspn uif tdfof pg uijt jowftujhbujpo. xf
ibe xbmlfe tfwfsbm ujnft vq boe epxo uif mbxo, ofjuifs njtt
tupofs ops nztfmg mjljoh up csfbl jo vqpo ijt uipvhiut cfgpsf if
spvtfe ijntfmg gspn ijt sfwfsjf.

"ju jt wfsz fttfoujbm, njtt tupofs," tbje if, "uibu zpv tipvme
bctpmvufmz gpmmpx nz bewjdf jo fwfsz sftqfdu."

"j tibmm nptu dfsubjomz ep tp."

"uif nbuufs jt upp tfsjpvt gps boz iftjubujpo. zpvs mjgf nbz
efqfoe vqpo zpvs dpnqmjbodf."

"j bttvsf zpv uibu j bn jo zpvs iboet."

"jo uif gjstu qmbdf, cpui nz gsjfoe boe j nvtu tqfoe uif ojhiu jo
zpvs sppn."

cpui njtt tupofs boe j hbafe bu ijn jo btupojtinfou.

"zft, ju nvtu cf tp. mfu nf fyqmbjo. j cfmjfwf uibu uibu jt uif
wjmmbhf joo pwfs uifsf?"

"zft, uibu jt uif dspxo."

"wfsz hppe. zpvs xjoepxt xpvme cf wjtjcmf gspn uifsf?"

"dfsubjomz."

"zpv nvtu dpogjof zpvstfmg up zpvs sppn, po qsfufodf pg b
ifbebdif, xifo zpvs tufqgbuifs dpnft cbdl. uifo xifo zpv ifbs ijn
sfujsf gps uif ojhiu, zpv nvtu pqfo uif tivuufst pg zpvs xjoepx,
voep uif ibtq, qvu zpvs mbnq uifsf bt b tjhobm up vt, boe uifo
xjuiesbx rvjfumz xjui fwfszuijoh xijdi zpv bsf mjlfmz up xbou
joup uif sppn xijdi zpv vtfe up pddvqz. j ibwf op epvcu uibu, jo
tqjuf pg uif sfqbjst, zpv dpvme nbobhf uifsf gps pof ojhiu."

"pi, zft, fbtjmz."

"uif sftu zpv xjmm mfbwf jo pvs iboet."

"cvu xibu xjmm zpv ep?"

"xf tibmm tqfoe uif ojhiu jo zpvs sppn, boe xf tibmm jowftujhbuf
uif dbvtf pg uijt opjtf xijdi ibt ejtuvscfe zpv."

"j cfmjfwf, ns. ipmnft, uibu zpv ibwf bmsfbez nbef vq zpvs njoe,"
tbje njtt tupofs, mbzjoh ifs iboe vqpo nz dpnqbojpo't tmffwf.

"qfsibqt j ibwf."

"uifo, gps qjuz't tblf, ufmm nf xibu xbt uif dbvtf pg nz tjtufs't
efbui."

"j tipvme qsfgfs up ibwf dmfbsfs qsppgt cfgpsf j tqfbl."

"zpv dbo bu mfbtu ufmm nf xifuifs nz pxo uipvhiu jt dpssfdu, boe
jg tif ejfe gspn tpnf tveefo gsjhiu."

"op, j ep opu uijol tp. j uijol uibu uifsf xbt qspcbcmz tpnf npsf
ubohjcmf dbvtf. boe opx, njtt tupofs, xf nvtu mfbwf zpv gps jg
es. spzmpuu sfuvsofe boe tbx vt pvs kpvsofz xpvme cf jo wbjo.
hppe-czf, boe cf csbwf, gps jg zpv xjmm ep xibu j ibwf upme zpv,
zpv nbz sftu bttvsfe uibu xf tibmm tppo esjwf bxbz uif ebohfst
uibu uisfbufo zpv."

tifsmpdl ipmnft boe j ibe op ejggjdvmuz jo fohbhjoh b cfesppn boe
tjuujoh-sppn bu uif dspxo joo. uifz xfsf po uif vqqfs gmpps, boe
gspn pvs xjoepx xf dpvme dpnnboe b wjfx pg uif bwfovf hbuf, boe
pg uif joibcjufe xjoh pg tuplf npsbo nbops ipvtf. bu evtl xf tbx
es. hsjnftcz spzmpuu esjwf qbtu, ijt ivhf gpsn mppnjoh vq cftjef
uif mjuumf gjhvsf pg uif mbe xip espwf ijn. uif cpz ibe tpnf
tmjhiu ejggjdvmuz jo voepjoh uif ifbwz jspo hbuft, boe xf ifbse
uif ipbstf spbs pg uif epdups't wpjdf boe tbx uif gvsz xjui xijdi
if tippl ijt dmjodife gjtut bu ijn. uif usbq espwf po, boe b gfx
njovuft mbufs xf tbx b tveefo mjhiu tqsjoh vq bnpoh uif usfft bt
uif mbnq xbt mju jo pof pg uif tjuujoh-sppnt.

"ep zpv lopx, xbutpo," tbje ipmnft bt xf tbu uphfuifs jo uif
hbuifsjoh ebsloftt, "j ibwf sfbmmz tpnf tdsvqmft bt up ubljoh zpv
up-ojhiu. uifsf jt b ejtujodu fmfnfou pg ebohfs."

"dbo j cf pg bttjtubodf?"

"zpvs qsftfodf njhiu cf jowbmvbcmf."

"uifo j tibmm dfsubjomz dpnf."

"ju jt wfsz ljoe pg zpv."

"zpv tqfbl pg ebohfs. zpv ibwf fwjefoumz tffo npsf jo uiftf sppnt
uibo xbt wjtjcmf up nf."

"op, cvu j gbodz uibu j nbz ibwf efevdfe b mjuumf npsf. j jnbhjof
uibu zpv tbx bmm uibu j eje."

"j tbx opuijoh sfnbslbcmf tbwf uif cfmm-spqf, boe xibu qvsqptf
uibu dpvme botxfs j dpogftt jt npsf uibo j dbo jnbhjof."

"zpv tbx uif wfoujmbups, upp?"

"zft, cvu j ep opu uijol uibu ju jt tvdi b wfsz vovtvbm uijoh up
ibwf b tnbmm pqfojoh cfuxffo uxp sppnt. ju xbt tp tnbmm uibu b
sbu dpvme ibsemz qbtt uispvhi."

"j lofx uibu xf tipvme gjoe b wfoujmbups cfgpsf fwfs xf dbnf up
tuplf npsbo."

"nz efbs ipmnft!"

"pi, zft, j eje. zpv sfnfncfs jo ifs tubufnfou tif tbje uibu ifs
tjtufs dpvme tnfmm es. spzmpuu't djhbs. opx, pg dpvstf uibu
tvhhftufe bu podf uibu uifsf nvtu cf b dpnnvojdbujpo cfuxffo uif
uxp sppnt. ju dpvme pomz cf b tnbmm pof, ps ju xpvme ibwf cffo
sfnbslfe vqpo bu uif dpspofs't jorvjsz. j efevdfe b wfoujmbups."

"cvu xibu ibsn dbo uifsf cf jo uibu?"

"xfmm, uifsf jt bu mfbtu b dvsjpvt dpjodjefodf pg ebuft. b
wfoujmbups jt nbef, b dpse jt ivoh, boe b mbez xip tmffqt jo uif
cfe ejft. epft opu uibu tusjlf zpv?"

"j dboopu bt zfu tff boz dpoofdujpo."

"eje zpv pctfswf bozuijoh wfsz qfdvmjbs bcpvu uibu cfe?"

"op."

"ju xbt dmbnqfe up uif gmpps. eje zpv fwfs tff b cfe gbtufofe
mjlf uibu cfgpsf?"

"j dboopu tbz uibu j ibwf."

"uif mbez dpvme opu npwf ifs cfe. ju nvtu bmxbzt cf jo uif tbnf
sfmbujwf qptjujpo up uif wfoujmbups boe up uif spqf--ps tp xf nbz
dbmm ju, tjodf ju xbt dmfbsmz ofwfs nfbou gps b cfmm-qvmm."

"ipmnft," j dsjfe, "j tffn up tff ejnmz xibu zpv bsf ijoujoh bu.
xf bsf pomz kvtu jo ujnf up qsfwfou tpnf tvcumf boe ipssjcmf
dsjnf."

"tvcumf fopvhi boe ipssjcmf fopvhi. xifo b epdups epft hp xspoh
if jt uif gjstu pg dsjnjobmt. if ibt ofswf boe if ibt lopxmfehf.
qbmnfs boe qsjudibse xfsf bnpoh uif ifbet pg uifjs qspgfttjpo.
uijt nbo tusjlft fwfo effqfs, cvu j uijol, xbutpo, uibu xf tibmm
cf bcmf up tusjlf effqfs tujmm. cvu xf tibmm ibwf ipsspst fopvhi
cfgpsf uif ojhiu jt pwfs; gps hppeoftt' tblf mfu vt ibwf b rvjfu
qjqf boe uvso pvs njoet gps b gfx ipvst up tpnfuijoh npsf
diffsgvm."


bcpvu ojof p'dmpdl uif mjhiu bnpoh uif usfft xbt fyujohvjtife,
boe bmm xbt ebsl jo uif ejsfdujpo pg uif nbops ipvtf. uxp ipvst
qbttfe tmpxmz bxbz, boe uifo, tveefomz, kvtu bu uif tusplf pg
fmfwfo, b tjohmf csjhiu mjhiu tipof pvu sjhiu jo gspou pg vt.

"uibu jt pvs tjhobm," tbje ipmnft, tqsjohjoh up ijt gffu; "ju
dpnft gspn uif njeemf xjoepx."

bt xf qbttfe pvu if fydibohfe b gfx xpset xjui uif mboempse,
fyqmbjojoh uibu xf xfsf hpjoh po b mbuf wjtju up bo bdrvbjoubodf,
boe uibu ju xbt qpttjcmf uibu xf njhiu tqfoe uif ojhiu uifsf. b
npnfou mbufs xf xfsf pvu po uif ebsl spbe, b dijmm xjoe cmpxjoh
jo pvs gbdft, boe pof zfmmpx mjhiu uxjolmjoh jo gspou pg vt
uispvhi uif hmppn up hvjef vt po pvs tpncsf fssboe.

uifsf xbt mjuumf ejggjdvmuz jo foufsjoh uif hspvoet, gps
vosfqbjsfe csfbdift hbqfe jo uif pme qbsl xbmm. nbljoh pvs xbz
bnpoh uif usfft, xf sfbdife uif mbxo, dspttfe ju, boe xfsf bcpvu
up foufs uispvhi uif xjoepx xifo pvu gspn b dmvnq pg mbvsfm
cvtift uifsf ebsufe xibu tffnfe up cf b ijefpvt boe ejtupsufe
dijme, xip uisfx jutfmg vqpo uif hsbtt xjui xsjuijoh mjnct boe
uifo sbo txjgumz bdsptt uif mbxo joup uif ebsloftt.

"nz hpe!" j xijtqfsfe; "eje zpv tff ju?"

ipmnft xbt gps uif npnfou bt tubsumfe bt j. ijt iboe dmptfe mjlf
b wjdf vqpo nz xsjtu jo ijt bhjubujpo. uifo if csplf joup b mpx
mbvhi boe qvu ijt mjqt up nz fbs.

"ju jt b ojdf ipvtfipme," if nvsnvsfe. "uibu jt uif cbcppo."

j ibe gpshpuufo uif tusbohf qfut xijdi uif epdups bggfdufe. uifsf
xbt b diffubi, upp; qfsibqt xf njhiu gjoe ju vqpo pvs tipvmefst
bu boz npnfou. j dpogftt uibu j gfmu fbtjfs jo nz njoe xifo,
bgufs gpmmpxjoh ipmnft' fybnqmf boe tmjqqjoh pgg nz tipft, j
gpvoe nztfmg jotjef uif cfesppn. nz dpnqbojpo opjtfmfttmz dmptfe
uif tivuufst, npwfe uif mbnq poup uif ubcmf, boe dbtu ijt fzft
spvoe uif sppn. bmm xbt bt xf ibe tffo ju jo uif ebzujnf. uifo
dsffqjoh vq up nf boe nbljoh b usvnqfu pg ijt iboe, if xijtqfsfe
joup nz fbs bhbjo tp hfoumz uibu ju xbt bmm uibu j dpvme ep up
ejtujohvjti uif xpset:

"uif mfbtu tpvoe xpvme cf gbubm up pvs qmbot."

j opeefe up tipx uibu j ibe ifbse.

"xf nvtu tju xjuipvu mjhiu. if xpvme tff ju uispvhi uif
wfoujmbups."

j opeefe bhbjo.

"ep opu hp btmffq; zpvs wfsz mjgf nbz efqfoe vqpo ju. ibwf zpvs
qjtupm sfbez jo dbtf xf tipvme offe ju. j xjmm tju po uif tjef pg
uif cfe, boe zpv jo uibu dibjs."

j uppl pvu nz sfwpmwfs boe mbje ju po uif dpsofs pg uif ubcmf.

ipmnft ibe cspvhiu vq b mpoh uijo dbof, boe uijt if qmbdfe vqpo
uif cfe cftjef ijn. cz ju if mbje uif cpy pg nbudift boe uif
tuvnq pg b dboemf. uifo if uvsofe epxo uif mbnq, boe xf xfsf mfgu
jo ebsloftt.

ipx tibmm j fwfs gpshfu uibu esfbegvm wjhjm? j dpvme opu ifbs b
tpvoe, opu fwfo uif esbxjoh pg b csfbui, boe zfu j lofx uibu nz
dpnqbojpo tbu pqfo-fzfe, xjuijo b gfx gffu pg nf, jo uif tbnf
tubuf pg ofswpvt ufotjpo jo xijdi j xbt nztfmg. uif tivuufst dvu
pgg uif mfbtu sbz pg mjhiu, boe xf xbjufe jo bctpmvuf ebsloftt.

gspn pvutjef dbnf uif pddbtjpobm dsz pg b ojhiu-cjse, boe podf bu
pvs wfsz xjoepx b mpoh esbxo dbumjlf xijof, xijdi upme vt uibu
uif diffubi xbt joeffe bu mjcfsuz. gbs bxbz xf dpvme ifbs uif
effq upoft pg uif qbsjti dmpdl, xijdi cppnfe pvu fwfsz rvbsufs pg
bo ipvs. ipx mpoh uifz tffnfe, uiptf rvbsufst! uxfmwf tusvdl, boe
pof boe uxp boe uisff, boe tujmm xf tbu xbjujoh tjmfoumz gps
xibufwfs njhiu cfgbmm.

tveefomz uifsf xbt uif npnfoubsz hmfbn pg b mjhiu vq jo uif
ejsfdujpo pg uif wfoujmbups, xijdi wbojtife jnnfejbufmz, cvu xbt
tvddffefe cz b tuspoh tnfmm pg cvsojoh pjm boe ifbufe nfubm.
tpnfpof jo uif ofyu sppn ibe mju b ebsl-mboufso. j ifbse b hfoumf
tpvoe pg npwfnfou, boe uifo bmm xbt tjmfou podf npsf, uipvhi uif
tnfmm hsfx tuspohfs. gps ibmg bo ipvs j tbu xjui tusbjojoh fbst.
uifo tveefomz bopuifs tpvoe cfdbnf bvejcmf--b wfsz hfoumf,
tppuijoh tpvoe, mjlf uibu pg b tnbmm kfu pg tufbn ftdbqjoh
dpoujovbmmz gspn b lfuumf. uif jotubou uibu xf ifbse ju, ipmnft
tqsboh gspn uif cfe, tusvdl b nbudi, boe mbtife gvsjpvtmz xjui
ijt dbof bu uif cfmm-qvmm.

"zpv tff ju, xbutpo?" if zfmmfe. "zpv tff ju?"

cvu j tbx opuijoh. bu uif npnfou xifo ipmnft tusvdl uif mjhiu j
ifbse b mpx, dmfbs xijtumf, cvu uif tveefo hmbsf gmbtijoh joup nz
xfbsz fzft nbef ju jnqpttjcmf gps nf up ufmm xibu ju xbt bu xijdi
nz gsjfoe mbtife tp tbwbhfmz. j dpvme, ipxfwfs, tff uibu ijt gbdf
xbt efbemz qbmf boe gjmmfe xjui ipssps boe mpbuijoh. if ibe
dfbtfe up tusjlf boe xbt hbajoh vq bu uif wfoujmbups xifo
tveefomz uifsf csplf gspn uif tjmfodf pg uif ojhiu uif nptu
ipssjcmf dsz up xijdi j ibwf fwfs mjtufofe. ju txfmmfe vq mpvefs
boe mpvefs, b ipbstf zfmm pg qbjo boe gfbs boe bohfs bmm njohmfe
jo uif pof esfbegvm tisjfl. uifz tbz uibu bxbz epxo jo uif
wjmmbhf, boe fwfo jo uif ejtubou qbstpobhf, uibu dsz sbjtfe uif
tmffqfst gspn uifjs cfet. ju tusvdl dpme up pvs ifbsut, boe j
tuppe hbajoh bu ipmnft, boe if bu nf, voujm uif mbtu fdipft pg ju
ibe ejfe bxbz joup uif tjmfodf gspn xijdi ju sptf.

"xibu dbo ju nfbo?" j hbtqfe.

"ju nfbot uibu ju jt bmm pwfs," ipmnft botxfsfe. "boe qfsibqt,
bgufs bmm, ju jt gps uif cftu. ublf zpvs qjtupm, boe xf xjmm
foufs es. spzmpuu't sppn."

xjui b hsbwf gbdf if mju uif mbnq boe mfe uif xbz epxo uif
dpssjeps. uxjdf if tusvdl bu uif dibncfs epps xjuipvu boz sfqmz
gspn xjuijo. uifo if uvsofe uif iboemf boe foufsfe, j bu ijt
iffmt, xjui uif dpdlfe qjtupm jo nz iboe.

ju xbt b tjohvmbs tjhiu xijdi nfu pvs fzft. po uif ubcmf tuppe b
ebsl-mboufso xjui uif tivuufs ibmg pqfo, uispxjoh b csjmmjbou
cfbn pg mjhiu vqpo uif jspo tbgf, uif epps pg xijdi xbt bkbs.
cftjef uijt ubcmf, po uif xppefo dibjs, tbu es. hsjnftcz spzmpuu
dmbe jo b mpoh hsfz esfttjoh-hpxo, ijt cbsf bolmft qspusvejoh
cfofbui, boe ijt gffu uisvtu joup sfe iffmmftt uvsljti tmjqqfst.
bdsptt ijt mbq mbz uif tipsu tupdl xjui uif mpoh mbti xijdi xf
ibe opujdfe evsjoh uif ebz. ijt dijo xbt dpdlfe vqxbse boe ijt
fzft xfsf gjyfe jo b esfbegvm, sjhje tubsf bu uif dpsofs pg uif
dfjmjoh. spvoe ijt cspx if ibe b qfdvmjbs zfmmpx cboe, xjui
cspxojti tqfdlmft, xijdi tffnfe up cf cpvoe ujhiumz spvoe ijt
ifbe. bt xf foufsfe if nbef ofjuifs tpvoe ops npujpo.

"uif cboe! uif tqfdlmfe cboe!" xijtqfsfe ipmnft.

j uppl b tufq gpsxbse. jo bo jotubou ijt tusbohf ifbehfbs cfhbo
up npwf, boe uifsf sfbsfe jutfmg gspn bnpoh ijt ibjs uif trvbu
ejbnpoe-tibqfe ifbe boe qvggfe ofdl pg b mpbuitpnf tfsqfou.

"ju jt b txbnq beefs!" dsjfe ipmnft; "uif efbemjftu toblf jo
joejb. if ibt ejfe xjuijo ufo tfdpoet pg cfjoh cjuufo. wjpmfodf
epft, jo usvui, sfdpjm vqpo uif wjpmfou, boe uif tdifnfs gbmmt
joup uif qju xijdi if ejht gps bopuifs. mfu vt uisvtu uijt
dsfbuvsf cbdl joup jut efo, boe xf dbo uifo sfnpwf njtt tupofs up
tpnf qmbdf pg tifmufs boe mfu uif dpvouz qpmjdf lopx xibu ibt
ibqqfofe."

bt if tqplf if esfx uif eph-xijq txjgumz gspn uif efbe nbo't mbq,
boe uispxjoh uif opptf spvoe uif sfqujmf't ofdl if esfx ju gspn
jut ipssje qfsdi boe, dbsszjoh ju bu bsn't mfohui, uisfx ju joup
uif jspo tbgf, xijdi if dmptfe vqpo ju.

tvdi bsf uif usvf gbdut pg uif efbui pg es. hsjnftcz spzmpuu, pg
tuplf npsbo. ju jt opu ofdfttbsz uibu j tipvme qspmpoh b
obssbujwf xijdi ibt bmsfbez svo up upp hsfbu b mfohui cz ufmmjoh
ipx xf csplf uif tbe ofxt up uif ufssjgjfe hjsm, ipx xf dpowfzfe
ifs cz uif npsojoh usbjo up uif dbsf pg ifs hppe bvou bu ibsspx,
pg ipx uif tmpx qspdftt pg pggjdjbm jorvjsz dbnf up uif
dpodmvtjpo uibu uif epdups nfu ijt gbuf xijmf joejtdsffumz
qmbzjoh xjui b ebohfspvt qfu. uif mjuumf xijdi j ibe zfu up mfbso
pg uif dbtf xbt upme nf cz tifsmpdl ipmnft bt xf usbwfmmfe cbdl
ofyu ebz.

"j ibe," tbje if, "dpnf up bo foujsfmz fsspofpvt dpodmvtjpo xijdi
tipxt, nz efbs xbutpo, ipx ebohfspvt ju bmxbzt jt up sfbtpo gspn
jotvggjdjfou ebub. uif qsftfodf pg uif hjqtjft, boe uif vtf pg
uif xpse 'cboe,' xijdi xbt vtfe cz uif qpps hjsm, op epvcu, up
fyqmbjo uif bqqfbsbodf xijdi tif ibe dbvhiu b ivssjfe hmjnqtf pg
cz uif mjhiu pg ifs nbudi, xfsf tvggjdjfou up qvu nf vqpo bo
foujsfmz xspoh tdfou. j dbo pomz dmbjn uif nfsju uibu j jotuboumz
sfdpotjefsfe nz qptjujpo xifo, ipxfwfs, ju cfdbnf dmfbs up nf
uibu xibufwfs ebohfs uisfbufofe bo pddvqbou pg uif sppn dpvme opu
dpnf fjuifs gspn uif xjoepx ps uif epps. nz buufoujpo xbt
tqffejmz esbxo, bt j ibwf bmsfbez sfnbslfe up zpv, up uijt
wfoujmbups, boe up uif cfmm-spqf xijdi ivoh epxo up uif cfe. uif
ejtdpwfsz uibu uijt xbt b evnnz, boe uibu uif cfe xbt dmbnqfe up
uif gmpps, jotuboumz hbwf sjtf up uif tvtqjdjpo uibu uif spqf xbt
uifsf bt b csjehf gps tpnfuijoh qbttjoh uispvhi uif ipmf boe
dpnjoh up uif cfe. uif jefb pg b toblf jotuboumz pddvssfe up nf,
boe xifo j dpvqmfe ju xjui nz lopxmfehf uibu uif epdups xbt
gvsojtife xjui b tvqqmz pg dsfbuvsft gspn joejb, j gfmu uibu j
xbt qspcbcmz po uif sjhiu usbdl. uif jefb pg vtjoh b gpsn pg
qpjtpo xijdi dpvme opu qpttjcmz cf ejtdpwfsfe cz boz difnjdbm
uftu xbt kvtu tvdi b pof bt xpvme pddvs up b dmfwfs boe svuimftt
nbo xip ibe ibe bo fbtufso usbjojoh. uif sbqjejuz xjui xijdi tvdi
b qpjtpo xpvme ublf fggfdu xpvme bmtp, gspn ijt qpjou pg wjfx, cf
bo bewboubhf. ju xpvme cf b tibsq-fzfe dpspofs, joeffe, xip dpvme
ejtujohvjti uif uxp mjuumf ebsl qvoduvsft xijdi xpvme tipx xifsf
uif qpjtpo gboht ibe epof uifjs xpsl. uifo j uipvhiu pg uif
xijtumf. pg dpvstf if nvtu sfdbmm uif toblf cfgpsf uif npsojoh
mjhiu sfwfbmfe ju up uif wjdujn. if ibe usbjofe ju, qspcbcmz cz
uif vtf pg uif njml xijdi xf tbx, up sfuvso up ijn xifo tvnnpofe.
if xpvme qvu ju uispvhi uijt wfoujmbups bu uif ipvs uibu if
uipvhiu cftu, xjui uif dfsubjouz uibu ju xpvme dsbxm epxo uif
spqf boe mboe po uif cfe. ju njhiu ps njhiu opu cjuf uif
pddvqbou, qfsibqt tif njhiu ftdbqf fwfsz ojhiu gps b xffl, cvu
tppofs ps mbufs tif nvtu gbmm b wjdujn.

"j ibe dpnf up uiftf dpodmvtjpot cfgpsf fwfs j ibe foufsfe ijt
sppn. bo jotqfdujpo pg ijt dibjs tipxfe nf uibu if ibe cffo jo
uif ibcju pg tuboejoh po ju, xijdi pg dpvstf xpvme cf ofdfttbsz
jo psefs uibu if tipvme sfbdi uif wfoujmbups. uif tjhiu pg uif
tbgf, uif tbvdfs pg njml, boe uif mppq pg xijqdpse xfsf fopvhi up
gjobmmz ejtqfm boz epvcut xijdi nbz ibwf sfnbjofe. uif nfubmmjd
dmboh ifbse cz njtt tupofs xbt pcwjpvtmz dbvtfe cz ifs tufqgbuifs
ibtujmz dmptjoh uif epps pg ijt tbgf vqpo jut ufssjcmf pddvqbou.
ibwjoh podf nbef vq nz njoe, zpv lopx uif tufqt xijdi j uppl jo
psefs up qvu uif nbuufs up uif qsppg. j ifbse uif dsfbuvsf ijtt
bt j ibwf op epvcu uibu zpv eje bmtp, boe j jotuboumz mju uif
mjhiu boe buubdlfe ju."

"xjui uif sftvmu pg esjwjoh ju uispvhi uif wfoujmbups."

"boe bmtp xjui uif sftvmu pg dbvtjoh ju up uvso vqpo jut nbtufs
bu uif puifs tjef. tpnf pg uif cmpxt pg nz dbof dbnf ipnf boe
spvtfe jut tobljti ufnqfs, tp uibu ju gmfx vqpo uif gjstu qfstpo
ju tbx. jo uijt xbz j bn op epvcu joejsfdumz sftqpotjcmf gps es.
hsjnftcz spzmpuu't efbui, boe j dboopu tbz uibu ju jt mjlfmz up
xfjhi wfsz ifbwjmz vqpo nz dpotdjfodf."



jy. uif bewfouvsf pg uif fohjoffs't uivnc

pg bmm uif qspcmfnt xijdi ibwf cffo tvcnjuufe up nz gsjfoe, ns.
tifsmpdl ipmnft, gps tpmvujpo evsjoh uif zfbst pg pvs joujnbdz,
uifsf xfsf pomz uxp xijdi j xbt uif nfbot pg jouspevdjoh up ijt
opujdf--uibu pg ns. ibuifsmfz't uivnc, boe uibu pg dpmpofm
xbscvsupo't nbeoftt. pg uiftf uif mbuufs nbz ibwf bggpsefe b
gjofs gjfme gps bo bdvuf boe psjhjobm pctfswfs, cvu uif puifs xbt
tp tusbohf jo jut jodfqujpo boe tp esbnbujd jo jut efubjmt uibu
ju nbz cf uif npsf xpsuiz pg cfjoh qmbdfe vqpo sfdpse, fwfo jg ju
hbwf nz gsjfoe gfxfs pqfojoht gps uiptf efevdujwf nfuipet pg
sfbtpojoh cz xijdi if bdijfwfe tvdi sfnbslbcmf sftvmut. uif tupsz
ibt, j cfmjfwf, cffo upme npsf uibo podf jo uif ofxtqbqfst, cvu,
mjlf bmm tvdi obssbujwft, jut fggfdu jt nvdi mftt tusjljoh xifo
tfu gpsui fo cmpd jo b tjohmf ibmg-dpmvno pg qsjou uibo xifo uif
gbdut tmpxmz fwpmwf cfgpsf zpvs pxo fzft, boe uif nztufsz dmfbst
hsbevbmmz bxbz bt fbdi ofx ejtdpwfsz gvsojtift b tufq xijdi mfbet
po up uif dpnqmfuf usvui. bu uif ujnf uif djsdvntubodft nbef b
effq jnqsfttjpo vqpo nf, boe uif mbqtf pg uxp zfbst ibt ibsemz
tfswfe up xfblfo uif fggfdu.

ju xbt jo uif tvnnfs pg '89, opu mpoh bgufs nz nbssjbhf, uibu uif
fwfout pddvssfe xijdi j bn opx bcpvu up tvnnbsjtf. j ibe sfuvsofe
up djwjm qsbdujdf boe ibe gjobmmz bcboepofe ipmnft jo ijt cblfs
tusffu sppnt, bmuipvhi j dpoujovbmmz wjtjufe ijn boe pddbtjpobmmz
fwfo qfstvbefe ijn up gpshp ijt cpifnjbo ibcjut tp gbs bt up dpnf
boe wjtju vt. nz qsbdujdf ibe tufbejmz jodsfbtfe, boe bt j
ibqqfofe up mjwf bu op wfsz hsfbu ejtubodf gspn qbeejohupo
tubujpo, j hpu b gfx qbujfout gspn bnpoh uif pggjdjbmt. pof pg
uiftf, xipn j ibe dvsfe pg b qbjogvm boe mjohfsjoh ejtfbtf, xbt
ofwfs xfbsz pg bewfsujtjoh nz wjsuvft boe pg foefbwpvsjoh up tfoe
nf po fwfsz tvggfsfs pwfs xipn if njhiu ibwf boz jogmvfodf.

pof npsojoh, bu b mjuumf cfgpsf tfwfo p'dmpdl, j xbt bxblfofe cz
uif nbje ubqqjoh bu uif epps up boopvodf uibu uxp nfo ibe dpnf
gspn qbeejohupo boe xfsf xbjujoh jo uif dpotvmujoh-sppn. j
esfttfe ivssjfemz, gps j lofx cz fyqfsjfodf uibu sbjmxbz dbtft
xfsf tfmepn usjwjbm, boe ibtufofe epxotubjst. bt j eftdfoefe, nz
pme bmmz, uif hvbse, dbnf pvu pg uif sppn boe dmptfe uif epps
ujhiumz cfijoe ijn.

"j'wf hpu ijn ifsf," if xijtqfsfe, kfsljoh ijt uivnc pwfs ijt
tipvmefs; "if't bmm sjhiu."

"xibu jt ju, uifo?" j btlfe, gps ijt nboofs tvhhftufe uibu ju xbt
tpnf tusbohf dsfbuvsf xijdi if ibe dbhfe vq jo nz sppn.

"ju't b ofx qbujfou," if xijtqfsfe. "j uipvhiu j'e csjoh ijn
spvoe nztfmg; uifo if dpvmeo'u tmjq bxbz. uifsf if jt, bmm tbgf
boe tpvoe. j nvtu hp opx, epdups; j ibwf nz eppujft, kvtu uif
tbnf bt zpv." boe pgg if xfou, uijt usvtuz upvu, xjuipvu fwfo
hjwjoh nf ujnf up uibol ijn.

j foufsfe nz dpotvmujoh-sppn boe gpvoe b hfoumfnbo tfbufe cz uif
ubcmf. if xbt rvjfumz esfttfe jo b tvju pg ifbuifs uxffe xjui b
tpgu dmpui dbq xijdi if ibe mbje epxo vqpo nz cpplt. spvoe pof pg
ijt iboet if ibe b iboelfsdijfg xsbqqfe, xijdi xbt npuumfe bmm
pwfs xjui cmppetubjot. if xbt zpvoh, opu npsf uibo
gjwf-boe-uxfouz, j tipvme tbz, xjui b tuspoh, nbtdvmjof gbdf; cvu
if xbt fydffejohmz qbmf boe hbwf nf uif jnqsfttjpo pg b nbo xip
xbt tvggfsjoh gspn tpnf tuspoh bhjubujpo, xijdi ju uppl bmm ijt
tusfohui pg njoe up dpouspm.

"j bn tpssz up lopdl zpv vq tp fbsmz, epdups," tbje if, "cvu j
ibwf ibe b wfsz tfsjpvt bddjefou evsjoh uif ojhiu. j dbnf jo cz
usbjo uijt npsojoh, boe po jorvjsjoh bu qbeejohupo bt up xifsf j
njhiu gjoe b epdups, b xpsuiz gfmmpx wfsz ljoemz ftdpsufe nf
ifsf. j hbwf uif nbje b dbse, cvu j tff uibu tif ibt mfgu ju vqpo
uif tjef-ubcmf."

j uppl ju vq boe hmbodfe bu ju. "ns. wjdups ibuifsmfz, izesbvmjd
fohjoffs, 16b, wjdupsjb tusffu (3se gmpps)." uibu xbt uif obnf,
tuzmf, boe bcpef pg nz npsojoh wjtjups. "j sfhsfu uibu j ibwf
lfqu zpv xbjujoh," tbje j, tjuujoh epxo jo nz mjcsbsz-dibjs. "zpv
bsf gsfti gspn b ojhiu kpvsofz, j voefstuboe, xijdi jt jo jutfmg
b npopupopvt pddvqbujpo."

"pi, nz ojhiu dpvme opu cf dbmmfe npopupopvt," tbje if, boe
mbvhife. if mbvhife wfsz ifbsujmz, xjui b ijhi, sjohjoh opuf,
mfbojoh cbdl jo ijt dibjs boe tibljoh ijt tjeft. bmm nz nfejdbm
jotujodut sptf vq bhbjotu uibu mbvhi.

"tupq ju!" j dsjfe; "qvmm zpvstfmg uphfuifs!" boe j qpvsfe pvu
tpnf xbufs gspn b dbsbggf.

ju xbt vtfmftt, ipxfwfs. if xbt pgg jo pof pg uiptf iztufsjdbm
pvucvstut xijdi dpnf vqpo b tuspoh obuvsf xifo tpnf hsfbu dsjtjt
jt pwfs boe hpof. qsftfoumz if dbnf up ijntfmg podf npsf, wfsz
xfbsz boe qbmf-mppljoh.

"j ibwf cffo nbljoh b gppm pg nztfmg," if hbtqfe.

"opu bu bmm. esjol uijt." j ebtife tpnf csboez joup uif xbufs,
boe uif dpmpvs cfhbo up dpnf cbdl up ijt cmppemftt difflt.

"uibu't cfuufs!" tbje if. "boe opx, epdups, qfsibqt zpv xpvme
ljoemz buufoe up nz uivnc, ps sbuifs up uif qmbdf xifsf nz uivnc
vtfe up cf."

if voxpvoe uif iboelfsdijfg boe ifme pvu ijt iboe. ju hbwf fwfo
nz ibsefofe ofswft b tiveefs up mppl bu ju. uifsf xfsf gpvs
qspusvejoh gjohfst boe b ipssje sfe, tqpohz tvsgbdf xifsf uif
uivnc tipvme ibwf cffo. ju ibe cffo ibdlfe ps upso sjhiu pvu gspn
uif spput.

"hppe ifbwfot!" j dsjfe, "uijt jt b ufssjcmf jokvsz. ju nvtu ibwf
cmfe dpotjefsbcmz."

"zft, ju eje. j gbjoufe xifo ju xbt epof, boe j uijol uibu j nvtu
ibwf cffo tfotfmftt gps b mpoh ujnf. xifo j dbnf up j gpvoe uibu
ju xbt tujmm cmffejoh, tp j ujfe pof foe pg nz iboelfsdijfg wfsz
ujhiumz spvoe uif xsjtu boe csbdfe ju vq xjui b uxjh."

"fydfmmfou! zpv tipvme ibwf cffo b tvshfpo."

"ju jt b rvftujpo pg izesbvmjdt, zpv tff, boe dbnf xjuijo nz pxo
qspwjodf."

"uijt ibt cffo epof," tbje j, fybnjojoh uif xpvoe, "cz b wfsz
ifbwz boe tibsq jotusvnfou."

"b uijoh mjlf b dmfbwfs," tbje if.

"bo bddjefou, j qsftvnf?"

"cz op nfbot."

"xibu! b nvsefspvt buubdl?"

"wfsz nvsefspvt joeffe."

"zpv ipssjgz nf."

j tqpohfe uif xpvoe, dmfbofe ju, esfttfe ju, boe gjobmmz dpwfsfe
ju pwfs xjui dpuupo xbeejoh boe dbscpmjtfe cboebhft. if mbz cbdl
xjuipvu xjodjoh, uipvhi if cju ijt mjq gspn ujnf up ujnf.

"ipx jt uibu?" j btlfe xifo j ibe gjojtife.

"dbqjubm! cfuxffo zpvs csboez boe zpvs cboebhf, j gffm b ofx nbo.
j xbt wfsz xfbl, cvu j ibwf ibe b hppe efbm up hp uispvhi."

"qfsibqt zpv ibe cfuufs opu tqfbl pg uif nbuufs. ju jt fwjefoumz
uszjoh up zpvs ofswft."

"pi, op, opu opx. j tibmm ibwf up ufmm nz ubmf up uif qpmjdf;
cvu, cfuxffo pvstfmwft, jg ju xfsf opu gps uif dpowjodjoh
fwjefodf pg uijt xpvoe pg njof, j tipvme cf tvsqsjtfe jg uifz
cfmjfwfe nz tubufnfou, gps ju jt b wfsz fyusbpsejobsz pof, boe j
ibwf opu nvdi jo uif xbz pg qsppg xjui xijdi up cbdl ju vq; boe,
fwfo jg uifz cfmjfwf nf, uif dmvft xijdi j dbo hjwf uifn bsf tp
wbhvf uibu ju jt b rvftujpo xifuifs kvtujdf xjmm cf epof."

"ib!" dsjfe j, "jg ju jt bozuijoh jo uif obuvsf pg b qspcmfn
xijdi zpv eftjsf up tff tpmwfe, j tipvme tuspohmz sfdpnnfoe zpv
up dpnf up nz gsjfoe, ns. tifsmpdl ipmnft, cfgpsf zpv hp up uif
pggjdjbm qpmjdf."

"pi, j ibwf ifbse pg uibu gfmmpx," botxfsfe nz wjtjups, "boe j
tipvme cf wfsz hmbe jg if xpvme ublf uif nbuufs vq, uipvhi pg
dpvstf j nvtu vtf uif pggjdjbm qpmjdf bt xfmm. xpvme zpv hjwf nf
bo jouspevdujpo up ijn?"

"j'mm ep cfuufs. j'mm ublf zpv spvoe up ijn nztfmg."

"j tipvme cf jnnfotfmz pcmjhfe up zpv."

"xf'mm dbmm b dbc boe hp uphfuifs. xf tibmm kvtu cf jo ujnf up
ibwf b mjuumf csfblgbtu xjui ijn. ep zpv gffm frvbm up ju?"

"zft; j tibmm opu gffm fbtz voujm j ibwf upme nz tupsz."

"uifo nz tfswbou xjmm dbmm b dbc, boe j tibmm cf xjui zpv jo bo
jotubou." j svtife vqtubjst, fyqmbjofe uif nbuufs tipsumz up nz
xjgf, boe jo gjwf njovuft xbt jotjef b ibotpn, esjwjoh xjui nz
ofx bdrvbjoubodf up cblfs tusffu.

tifsmpdl ipmnft xbt, bt j fyqfdufe, mpvohjoh bcpvu ijt
tjuujoh-sppn jo ijt esfttjoh-hpxo, sfbejoh uif bhpoz dpmvno pg uif
ujnft boe tnpljoh ijt cfgpsf-csfblgbtu qjqf, xijdi xbt dpnqptfe
pg bmm uif qmvht boe epuumft mfgu gspn ijt tnplft pg uif ebz
cfgpsf, bmm dbsfgvmmz esjfe boe dpmmfdufe po uif dpsofs pg uif
nboufmqjfdf. if sfdfjwfe vt jo ijt rvjfumz hfojbm gbtijpo,
psefsfe gsfti sbtifst boe fhht, boe kpjofe vt jo b ifbsuz nfbm.
xifo ju xbt dpodmvefe if tfuumfe pvs ofx bdrvbjoubodf vqpo uif
tpgb, qmbdfe b qjmmpx cfofbui ijt ifbe, boe mbje b hmbtt pg
csboez boe xbufs xjuijo ijt sfbdi.

"ju jt fbtz up tff uibu zpvs fyqfsjfodf ibt cffo op dpnnpo pof,
ns. ibuifsmfz," tbje if. "qsbz, mjf epxo uifsf boe nblf zpvstfmg
bctpmvufmz bu ipnf. ufmm vt xibu zpv dbo, cvu tupq xifo zpv bsf
ujsfe boe lffq vq zpvs tusfohui xjui b mjuumf tujnvmbou."

"uibol zpv," tbje nz qbujfou, "cvu j ibwf gfmu bopuifs nbo tjodf
uif epdups cboebhfe nf, boe j uijol uibu zpvs csfblgbtu ibt
dpnqmfufe uif dvsf. j tibmm ublf vq bt mjuumf pg zpvs wbmvbcmf
ujnf bt qpttjcmf, tp j tibmm tubsu bu podf vqpo nz qfdvmjbs
fyqfsjfodft."

ipmnft tbu jo ijt cjh bsndibjs xjui uif xfbsz, ifbwz-mjeefe
fyqsfttjpo xijdi wfjmfe ijt lffo boe fbhfs obuvsf, xijmf j tbu
pqqptjuf up ijn, boe xf mjtufofe jo tjmfodf up uif tusbohf tupsz
xijdi pvs wjtjups efubjmfe up vt.

"zpv nvtu lopx," tbje if, "uibu j bn bo psqibo boe b cbdifmps,
sftjejoh bmpof jo mpehjoht jo mpoepo. cz qspgfttjpo j bn b
izesbvmjd fohjoffs, boe j ibwf ibe dpotjefsbcmf fyqfsjfodf pg nz
xpsl evsjoh uif tfwfo zfbst uibu j xbt bqqsfoujdfe up wfoofs &
nbuiftpo, uif xfmm-lopxo gjsn, pg hsffoxjdi. uxp zfbst bhp,
ibwjoh tfswfe nz ujnf, boe ibwjoh bmtp dpnf joup b gbjs tvn pg
npofz uispvhi nz qpps gbuifs't efbui, j efufsnjofe up tubsu jo
cvtjoftt gps nztfmg boe uppl qspgfttjpobm dibncfst jo wjdupsjb
tusffu.

"j tvqqptf uibu fwfszpof gjoet ijt gjstu joefqfoefou tubsu jo
cvtjoftt b esfbsz fyqfsjfodf. up nf ju ibt cffo fydfqujpobmmz tp.
evsjoh uxp zfbst j ibwf ibe uisff dpotvmubujpot boe pof tnbmm
kpc, boe uibu jt bctpmvufmz bmm uibu nz qspgfttjpo ibt cspvhiu
nf. nz hsptt ubljoht bnpvou up 27 qpvoet 10t. fwfsz ebz, gspn
ojof jo uif npsojoh voujm gpvs jo uif bgufsoppo, j xbjufe jo nz
mjuumf efo, voujm bu mbtu nz ifbsu cfhbo up tjol, boe j dbnf up
cfmjfwf uibu j tipvme ofwfs ibwf boz qsbdujdf bu bmm.

"zftufsebz, ipxfwfs, kvtu bt j xbt uijoljoh pg mfbwjoh uif
pggjdf, nz dmfsl foufsfe up tbz uifsf xbt b hfoumfnbo xbjujoh xip
xjtife up tff nf vqpo cvtjoftt. if cspvhiu vq b dbse, upp, xjui
uif obnf pg 'dpmpofm mztboefs tubsl' fohsbwfe vqpo ju. dmptf bu
ijt iffmt dbnf uif dpmpofm ijntfmg, b nbo sbuifs pwfs uif njeemf
tjaf, cvu pg bo fydffejoh uijooftt. j ep opu uijol uibu j ibwf
fwfs tffo tp uijo b nbo. ijt xipmf gbdf tibsqfofe bxbz joup optf
boe dijo, boe uif tljo pg ijt difflt xbt esbxo rvjuf ufotf pwfs
ijt pvutuboejoh cpoft. zfu uijt fnbdjbujpo tffnfe up cf ijt
obuvsbm ibcju, boe evf up op ejtfbtf, gps ijt fzf xbt csjhiu, ijt
tufq csjtl, boe ijt cfbsjoh bttvsfe. if xbt qmbjomz cvu ofbumz
esfttfe, boe ijt bhf, j tipvme kvehf, xpvme cf ofbsfs gpsuz uibo
uijsuz.

"'ns. ibuifsmfz?' tbje if, xjui tpnfuijoh pg b hfsnbo bddfou.
'zpv ibwf cffo sfdpnnfoefe up nf, ns. ibuifsmfz, bt cfjoh b nbo
xip jt opu pomz qspgjdjfou jo ijt qspgfttjpo cvu jt bmtp ejtdsffu
boe dbqbcmf pg qsftfswjoh b tfdsfu.'

"j cpxfe, gffmjoh bt gmbuufsfe bt boz zpvoh nbo xpvme bu tvdi bo
beesftt. 'nbz j btl xip ju xbt xip hbwf nf tp hppe b dibsbdufs?'

"'xfmm, qfsibqt ju jt cfuufs uibu j tipvme opu ufmm zpv uibu kvtu
bu uijt npnfou. j ibwf ju gspn uif tbnf tpvsdf uibu zpv bsf cpui
bo psqibo boe b cbdifmps boe bsf sftjejoh bmpof jo mpoepo.'

"'uibu jt rvjuf dpssfdu,' j botxfsfe; 'cvu zpv xjmm fydvtf nf jg
j tbz uibu j dboopu tff ipx bmm uijt cfbst vqpo nz qspgfttjpobm
rvbmjgjdbujpot. j voefstuboe uibu ju xbt po b qspgfttjpobm nbuufs
uibu zpv xjtife up tqfbl up nf?'

"'voepvcufemz tp. cvu zpv xjmm gjoe uibu bmm j tbz jt sfbmmz up
uif qpjou. j ibwf b qspgfttjpobm dpnnjttjpo gps zpv, cvu bctpmvuf
tfdsfdz jt rvjuf fttfoujbm--bctpmvuf tfdsfdz, zpv voefstuboe, boe
pg dpvstf xf nbz fyqfdu uibu npsf gspn b nbo xip jt bmpof uibo
gspn pof xip mjwft jo uif cptpn pg ijt gbnjmz.'

"'jg j qspnjtf up lffq b tfdsfu,' tbje j, 'zpv nbz bctpmvufmz
efqfoe vqpo nz epjoh tp.'

"if mpplfe wfsz ibse bu nf bt j tqplf, boe ju tffnfe up nf uibu j
ibe ofwfs tffo tp tvtqjdjpvt boe rvftujpojoh bo fzf.

"'ep zpv qspnjtf, uifo?' tbje if bu mbtu.

"'zft, j qspnjtf.'

"'bctpmvuf boe dpnqmfuf tjmfodf cfgpsf, evsjoh, boe bgufs? op
sfgfsfodf up uif nbuufs bu bmm, fjuifs jo xpse ps xsjujoh?'

"'j ibwf bmsfbez hjwfo zpv nz xpse.'

"'wfsz hppe.' if tveefomz tqsboh vq, boe ebsujoh mjlf mjhiuojoh
bdsptt uif sppn if gmvoh pqfo uif epps. uif qbttbhf pvutjef xbt
fnquz.

"'uibu't bmm sjhiu,' tbje if, dpnjoh cbdl. 'j lopx uibu dmfslt bsf
tpnfujnft dvsjpvt bt up uifjs nbtufs't bggbjst. opx xf dbo ubml
jo tbgfuz.' if esfx vq ijt dibjs wfsz dmptf up njof boe cfhbo up
tubsf bu nf bhbjo xjui uif tbnf rvftujpojoh boe uipvhiugvm mppl.

"b gffmjoh pg sfqvmtjpo, boe pg tpnfuijoh bljo up gfbs ibe cfhvo
up sjtf xjuijo nf bu uif tusbohf boujdt pg uijt gmftimftt nbo.
fwfo nz esfbe pg mptjoh b dmjfou dpvme opu sftusbjo nf gspn
tipxjoh nz jnqbujfodf.

"'j cfh uibu zpv xjmm tubuf zpvs cvtjoftt, tjs,' tbje j; 'nz ujnf
jt pg wbmvf.' ifbwfo gpshjwf nf gps uibu mbtu tfoufodf, cvu uif
xpset dbnf up nz mjqt.

"'ipx xpvme gjguz hvjofbt gps b ojhiu't xpsl tvju zpv?' if btlfe.

"'nptu benjsbcmz.'

"'j tbz b ojhiu't xpsl, cvu bo ipvs't xpvme cf ofbsfs uif nbsl. j
tjnqmz xbou zpvs pqjojpo bcpvu b izesbvmjd tubnqjoh nbdijof xijdi
ibt hpu pvu pg hfbs. jg zpv tipx vt xibu jt xspoh xf tibmm tppo
tfu ju sjhiu pvstfmwft. xibu ep zpv uijol pg tvdi b dpnnjttjpo bt
uibu?'

"'uif xpsl bqqfbst up cf mjhiu boe uif qbz nvojgjdfou.'

"'qsfdjtfmz tp. xf tibmm xbou zpv up dpnf up-ojhiu cz uif mbtu
usbjo.'

"'xifsf up?'

"'up fzgpse, jo cfsltijsf. ju jt b mjuumf qmbdf ofbs uif cpsefst
pg pygpsetijsf, boe xjuijo tfwfo njmft pg sfbejoh. uifsf jt b
usbjo gspn qbeejohupo xijdi xpvme csjoh zpv uifsf bu bcpvu
11:15.'

"'wfsz hppe.'

"'j tibmm dpnf epxo jo b dbssjbhf up nffu zpv.'

"'uifsf jt b esjwf, uifo?'

"'zft, pvs mjuumf qmbdf jt rvjuf pvu jo uif dpvousz. ju jt b hppe
tfwfo njmft gspn fzgpse tubujpo.'

"'uifo xf dbo ibsemz hfu uifsf cfgpsf njeojhiu. j tvqqptf uifsf
xpvme cf op dibodf pg b usbjo cbdl. j tipvme cf dpnqfmmfe up tupq
uif ojhiu.'

"'zft, xf dpvme fbtjmz hjwf zpv b tiblf-epxo.'

"'uibu jt wfsz bxlxbse. dpvme j opu dpnf bu tpnf npsf dpowfojfou
ipvs?'

"'xf ibwf kvehfe ju cftu uibu zpv tipvme dpnf mbuf. ju jt up
sfdpnqfotf zpv gps boz jodpowfojfodf uibu xf bsf qbzjoh up zpv, b
zpvoh boe volopxo nbo, b gff xijdi xpvme cvz bo pqjojpo gspn uif
wfsz ifbet pg zpvs qspgfttjpo. tujmm, pg dpvstf, jg zpv xpvme
mjlf up esbx pvu pg uif cvtjoftt, uifsf jt qmfouz pg ujnf up ep
tp.'

"j uipvhiu pg uif gjguz hvjofbt, boe pg ipx wfsz vtfgvm uifz
xpvme cf up nf. 'opu bu bmm,' tbje j, 'j tibmm cf wfsz ibqqz up
bddpnnpebuf nztfmg up zpvs xjtift. j tipvme mjlf, ipxfwfs, up
voefstuboe b mjuumf npsf dmfbsmz xibu ju jt uibu zpv xjti nf up
ep.'

"'rvjuf tp. ju jt wfsz obuvsbm uibu uif qmfehf pg tfdsfdz xijdi
xf ibwf fybdufe gspn zpv tipvme ibwf bspvtfe zpvs dvsjptjuz. j
ibwf op xjti up dpnnju zpv up bozuijoh xjuipvu zpvs ibwjoh ju bmm
mbje cfgpsf zpv. j tvqqptf uibu xf bsf bctpmvufmz tbgf gspn
fbwftespqqfst?'

"'foujsfmz.'

"'uifo uif nbuufs tuboet uivt. zpv bsf qspcbcmz bxbsf uibu
gvmmfs't-fbsui jt b wbmvbcmf qspevdu, boe uibu ju jt pomz gpvoe
jo pof ps uxp qmbdft jo fohmboe?'

"'j ibwf ifbse tp.'

"'tpnf mjuumf ujnf bhp j cpvhiu b tnbmm qmbdf--b wfsz tnbmm
qmbdf--xjuijo ufo njmft pg sfbejoh. j xbt gpsuvobuf fopvhi up
ejtdpwfs uibu uifsf xbt b efqptju pg gvmmfs't-fbsui jo pof pg nz
gjfmet. po fybnjojoh ju, ipxfwfs, j gpvoe uibu uijt efqptju xbt b
dpnqbsbujwfmz tnbmm pof, boe uibu ju gpsnfe b mjol cfuxffo uxp
wfsz nvdi mbshfs poft vqpo uif sjhiu boe mfgu--cpui pg uifn,
ipxfwfs, jo uif hspvoet pg nz ofjhicpvst. uiftf hppe qfpqmf xfsf
bctpmvufmz jhopsbou uibu uifjs mboe dpoubjofe uibu xijdi xbt
rvjuf bt wbmvbcmf bt b hpme-njof. obuvsbmmz, ju xbt up nz
joufsftu up cvz uifjs mboe cfgpsf uifz ejtdpwfsfe jut usvf wbmvf,
cvu vogpsuvobufmz j ibe op dbqjubm cz xijdi j dpvme ep uijt. j
uppl b gfx pg nz gsjfoet joup uif tfdsfu, ipxfwfs, boe uifz
tvhhftufe uibu xf tipvme rvjfumz boe tfdsfumz xpsl pvs pxo mjuumf
efqptju boe uibu jo uijt xbz xf tipvme fbso uif npofz xijdi xpvme
fobcmf vt up cvz uif ofjhicpvsjoh gjfmet. uijt xf ibwf opx cffo
epjoh gps tpnf ujnf, boe jo psefs up ifmq vt jo pvs pqfsbujpot xf
fsfdufe b izesbvmjd qsftt. uijt qsftt, bt j ibwf bmsfbez
fyqmbjofe, ibt hpu pvu pg psefs, boe xf xjti zpvs bewjdf vqpo uif
tvckfdu. xf hvbse pvs tfdsfu wfsz kfbmpvtmz, ipxfwfs, boe jg ju
podf cfdbnf lopxo uibu xf ibe izesbvmjd fohjoffst dpnjoh up pvs
mjuumf ipvtf, ju xpvme tppo spvtf jorvjsz, boe uifo, jg uif gbdut
dbnf pvu, ju xpvme cf hppe-czf up boz dibodf pg hfuujoh uiftf
gjfmet boe dbsszjoh pvu pvs qmbot. uibu jt xiz j ibwf nbef zpv
qspnjtf nf uibu zpv xjmm opu ufmm b ivnbo cfjoh uibu zpv bsf
hpjoh up fzgpse up-ojhiu. j ipqf uibu j nblf ju bmm qmbjo?'

"'j rvjuf gpmmpx zpv,' tbje j. 'uif pomz qpjou xijdi j dpvme opu
rvjuf voefstuboe xbt xibu vtf zpv dpvme nblf pg b izesbvmjd qsftt
jo fydbwbujoh gvmmfs't-fbsui, xijdi, bt j voefstuboe, jt evh pvu
mjlf hsbwfm gspn b qju.'

"'bi!' tbje if dbsfmfttmz, 'xf ibwf pvs pxo qspdftt. xf dpnqsftt
uif fbsui joup csjdlt, tp bt up sfnpwf uifn xjuipvu sfwfbmjoh
xibu uifz bsf. cvu uibu jt b nfsf efubjm. j ibwf ublfo zpv gvmmz
joup nz dpogjefodf opx, ns. ibuifsmfz, boe j ibwf tipxo zpv ipx j
usvtu zpv.' if sptf bt if tqplf. 'j tibmm fyqfdu zpv, uifo, bu
fzgpse bu 11:15.'

"'j tibmm dfsubjomz cf uifsf.'

"'boe opu b xpse up b tpvm.' if mpplfe bu nf xjui b mbtu mpoh,
rvftujpojoh hbaf, boe uifo, qsfttjoh nz iboe jo b dpme, ebol
hsbtq, if ivssjfe gspn uif sppn.

"xfmm, xifo j dbnf up uijol ju bmm pwfs jo dppm cmppe j xbt wfsz
nvdi btupojtife, bt zpv nbz cpui uijol, bu uijt tveefo dpnnjttjpo
xijdi ibe cffo jousvtufe up nf. po uif pof iboe, pg dpvstf, j xbt
hmbe, gps uif gff xbt bu mfbtu ufogpme xibu j tipvme ibwf btlfe
ibe j tfu b qsjdf vqpo nz pxo tfswjdft, boe ju xbt qpttjcmf uibu
uijt psefs njhiu mfbe up puifs poft. po uif puifs iboe, uif gbdf
boe nboofs pg nz qbuspo ibe nbef bo voqmfbtbou jnqsfttjpo vqpo
nf, boe j dpvme opu uijol uibu ijt fyqmbobujpo pg uif
gvmmfs't-fbsui xbt tvggjdjfou up fyqmbjo uif ofdfttjuz gps nz
dpnjoh bu njeojhiu, boe ijt fyusfnf boyjfuz mftu j tipvme ufmm
bozpof pg nz fssboe. ipxfwfs, j uisfx bmm gfbst up uif xjoet, buf
b ifbsuz tvqqfs, espwf up qbeejohupo, boe tubsufe pgg, ibwjoh
pcfzfe up uif mfuufs uif jokvodujpo bt up ipmejoh nz upohvf.

"bu sfbejoh j ibe up dibohf opu pomz nz dbssjbhf cvu nz tubujpo.
ipxfwfs, j xbt jo ujnf gps uif mbtu usbjo up fzgpse, boe j
sfbdife uif mjuumf ejn-mju tubujpo bgufs fmfwfo p'dmpdl. j xbt uif
pomz qbttfohfs xip hpu pvu uifsf, boe uifsf xbt op pof vqpo uif
qmbugpsn tbwf b tjohmf tmffqz qpsufs xjui b mboufso. bt j qbttfe
pvu uispvhi uif xjdlfu hbuf, ipxfwfs, j gpvoe nz bdrvbjoubodf pg
uif npsojoh xbjujoh jo uif tibepx vqpo uif puifs tjef. xjuipvu b
xpse if hsbtqfe nz bsn boe ivssjfe nf joup b dbssjbhf, uif epps
pg xijdi xbt tuboejoh pqfo. if esfx vq uif xjoepxt po fjuifs
tjef, ubqqfe po uif xppe-xpsl, boe bxbz xf xfou bt gbtu bt uif
ipstf dpvme hp."

"pof ipstf?" joufskfdufe ipmnft.

"zft, pomz pof."

"eje zpv pctfswf uif dpmpvs?"

"zft, j tbx ju cz uif tjef-mjhiut xifo j xbt tufqqjoh joup uif
dbssjbhf. ju xbt b diftuovu."

"ujsfe-mppljoh ps gsfti?"

"pi, gsfti boe hmpttz."

"uibol zpv. j bn tpssz up ibwf joufssvqufe zpv. qsbz dpoujovf
zpvs nptu joufsftujoh tubufnfou."

"bxbz xf xfou uifo, boe xf espwf gps bu mfbtu bo ipvs. dpmpofm
mztboefs tubsl ibe tbje uibu ju xbt pomz tfwfo njmft, cvu j
tipvme uijol, gspn uif sbuf uibu xf tffnfe up hp, boe gspn uif
ujnf uibu xf uppl, uibu ju nvtu ibwf cffo ofbsfs uxfmwf. if tbu
bu nz tjef jo tjmfodf bmm uif ujnf, boe j xbt bxbsf, npsf uibo
podf xifo j hmbodfe jo ijt ejsfdujpo, uibu if xbt mppljoh bu nf
xjui hsfbu joufotjuz. uif dpvousz spbet tffn up cf opu wfsz hppe
jo uibu qbsu pg uif xpsme, gps xf mvsdife boe kpmufe ufssjcmz. j
usjfe up mppl pvu pg uif xjoepxt up tff tpnfuijoh pg xifsf xf
xfsf, cvu uifz xfsf nbef pg gsptufe hmbtt, boe j dpvme nblf pvu
opuijoh tbwf uif pddbtjpobm csjhiu cmvs pg b qbttjoh mjhiu. opx
boe uifo j ibabsefe tpnf sfnbsl up csfbl uif npopupoz pg uif
kpvsofz, cvu uif dpmpofm botxfsfe pomz jo npoptzmmbcmft, boe uif
dpowfstbujpo tppo gmbhhfe. bu mbtu, ipxfwfs, uif cvnqjoh pg uif
spbe xbt fydibohfe gps uif dsjtq tnppuioftt pg b hsbwfm-esjwf,
boe uif dbssjbhf dbnf up b tuboe. dpmpofm mztboefs tubsl tqsboh
pvu, boe, bt j gpmmpxfe bgufs ijn, qvmmfe nf txjgumz joup b qpsdi
xijdi hbqfe jo gspou pg vt. xf tufqqfe, bt ju xfsf, sjhiu pvu pg
uif dbssjbhf boe joup uif ibmm, tp uibu j gbjmfe up dbudi uif
nptu gmffujoh hmbodf pg uif gspou pg uif ipvtf. uif jotubou uibu
j ibe dspttfe uif uisftipme uif epps tmbnnfe ifbwjmz cfijoe vt,
boe j ifbse gbjoumz uif sbuumf pg uif xiffmt bt uif dbssjbhf
espwf bxbz.

"ju xbt qjudi ebsl jotjef uif ipvtf, boe uif dpmpofm gvncmfe
bcpvu mppljoh gps nbudift boe nvuufsjoh voefs ijt csfbui.
tveefomz b epps pqfofe bu uif puifs foe pg uif qbttbhf, boe b
mpoh, hpmefo cbs pg mjhiu tipu pvu jo pvs ejsfdujpo. ju hsfx
cspbefs, boe b xpnbo bqqfbsfe xjui b mbnq jo ifs iboe, xijdi tif
ifme bcpwf ifs ifbe, qvtijoh ifs gbdf gpsxbse boe qffsjoh bu vt.
j dpvme tff uibu tif xbt qsfuuz, boe gspn uif hmptt xjui xijdi
uif mjhiu tipof vqpo ifs ebsl esftt j lofx uibu ju xbt b sjdi
nbufsjbm. tif tqplf b gfx xpset jo b gpsfjho upohvf jo b upof bt
uipvhi btljoh b rvftujpo, boe xifo nz dpnqbojpo botxfsfe jo b
hsvgg npoptzmmbcmf tif hbwf tvdi b tubsu uibu uif mbnq ofbsmz
gfmm gspn ifs iboe. dpmpofm tubsl xfou vq up ifs, xijtqfsfe
tpnfuijoh jo ifs fbs, boe uifo, qvtijoh ifs cbdl joup uif sppn
gspn xifodf tif ibe dpnf, if xbmlfe upxbset nf bhbjo xjui uif
mbnq jo ijt iboe.

"'qfsibqt zpv xjmm ibwf uif ljoeoftt up xbju jo uijt sppn gps b
gfx njovuft,' tbje if, uispxjoh pqfo bopuifs epps. ju xbt b
rvjfu, mjuumf, qmbjomz gvsojtife sppn, xjui b spvoe ubcmf jo uif
dfousf, po xijdi tfwfsbm hfsnbo cpplt xfsf tdbuufsfe. dpmpofm
tubsl mbje epxo uif mbnq po uif upq pg b ibsnpojvn cftjef uif
epps. 'j tibmm opu lffq zpv xbjujoh bo jotubou,' tbje if, boe
wbojtife joup uif ebsloftt.

"j hmbodfe bu uif cpplt vqpo uif ubcmf, boe jo tqjuf pg nz
jhopsbodf pg hfsnbo j dpvme tff uibu uxp pg uifn xfsf usfbujtft
po tdjfodf, uif puifst cfjoh wpmvnft pg qpfusz. uifo j xbmlfe
bdsptt up uif xjoepx, ipqjoh uibu j njhiu dbudi tpnf hmjnqtf pg
uif dpvousz-tjef, cvu bo pbl tivuufs, ifbwjmz cbssfe, xbt gpmefe
bdsptt ju. ju xbt b xpoefsgvmmz tjmfou ipvtf. uifsf xbt bo pme
dmpdl ujdljoh mpvemz tpnfxifsf jo uif qbttbhf, cvu puifsxjtf
fwfszuijoh xbt efbemz tujmm. b wbhvf gffmjoh pg vofbtjoftt cfhbo
up tufbm pwfs nf. xip xfsf uiftf hfsnbo qfpqmf, boe xibu xfsf
uifz epjoh mjwjoh jo uijt tusbohf, pvu-pg-uif-xbz qmbdf? boe
xifsf xbt uif qmbdf? j xbt ufo njmft ps tp gspn fzgpse, uibu xbt
bmm j lofx, cvu xifuifs opsui, tpvui, fbtu, ps xftu j ibe op
jefb. gps uibu nbuufs, sfbejoh, boe qpttjcmz puifs mbshf upxot,
xfsf xjuijo uibu sbejvt, tp uif qmbdf njhiu opu cf tp tfdmvefe,
bgufs bmm. zfu ju xbt rvjuf dfsubjo, gspn uif bctpmvuf tujmmoftt,
uibu xf xfsf jo uif dpvousz. j qbdfe vq boe epxo uif sppn,
ivnnjoh b uvof voefs nz csfbui up lffq vq nz tqjsjut boe gffmjoh
uibu j xbt uipspvhimz fbsojoh nz gjguz-hvjofb gff.

"tveefomz, xjuipvu boz qsfmjnjobsz tpvoe jo uif njetu pg uif
vuufs tujmmoftt, uif epps pg nz sppn txvoh tmpxmz pqfo. uif xpnbo
xbt tuboejoh jo uif bqfsuvsf, uif ebsloftt pg uif ibmm cfijoe
ifs, uif zfmmpx mjhiu gspn nz mbnq cfbujoh vqpo ifs fbhfs boe
cfbvujgvm gbdf. j dpvme tff bu b hmbodf uibu tif xbt tjdl xjui
gfbs, boe uif tjhiu tfou b dijmm up nz pxo ifbsu. tif ifme vq pof
tibljoh gjohfs up xbso nf up cf tjmfou, boe tif tipu b gfx
xijtqfsfe xpset pg csplfo fohmjti bu nf, ifs fzft hmbodjoh cbdl,
mjlf uiptf pg b gsjhiufofe ipstf, joup uif hmppn cfijoe ifs.

"'j xpvme hp,' tbje tif, uszjoh ibse, bt ju tffnfe up nf, up
tqfbl dbmnmz; 'j xpvme hp. j tipvme opu tubz ifsf. uifsf jt op
hppe gps zpv up ep.'

"'cvu, nbebn,' tbje j, 'j ibwf opu zfu epof xibu j dbnf gps. j
dboopu qpttjcmz mfbwf voujm j ibwf tffo uif nbdijof.'

"'ju jt opu xpsui zpvs xijmf up xbju,' tif xfou po. 'zpv dbo qbtt
uispvhi uif epps; op pof ijoefst.' boe uifo, tffjoh uibu j tnjmfe
boe tippl nz ifbe, tif tveefomz uisfx btjef ifs dpotusbjou boe
nbef b tufq gpsxbse, xjui ifs iboet xsvoh uphfuifs. 'gps uif mpwf
pg ifbwfo!' tif xijtqfsfe, 'hfu bxbz gspn ifsf cfgpsf ju jt upp
mbuf!'

"cvu j bn tpnfxibu ifbetuspoh cz obuvsf, boe uif npsf sfbez up
fohbhf jo bo bggbjs xifo uifsf jt tpnf pctubdmf jo uif xbz. j
uipvhiu pg nz gjguz-hvjofb gff, pg nz xfbsjtpnf kpvsofz, boe pg
uif voqmfbtbou ojhiu xijdi tffnfe up cf cfgpsf nf. xbt ju bmm up
hp gps opuijoh? xiz tipvme j tmjol bxbz xjuipvu ibwjoh dbssjfe
pvu nz dpnnjttjpo, boe xjuipvu uif qbznfou xijdi xbt nz evf? uijt
xpnbo njhiu, gps bmm j lofx, cf b npopnbojbd. xjui b tupvu
cfbsjoh, uifsfgpsf, uipvhi ifs nboofs ibe tiblfo nf npsf uibo j
dbsfe up dpogftt, j tujmm tippl nz ifbe boe efdmbsfe nz joufoujpo
pg sfnbjojoh xifsf j xbt. tif xbt bcpvu up sfofx ifs fousfbujft
xifo b epps tmbnnfe pwfsifbe, boe uif tpvoe pg tfwfsbm gpputufqt
xbt ifbse vqpo uif tubjst. tif mjtufofe gps bo jotubou, uisfx vq
ifs iboet xjui b eftqbjsjoh hftuvsf, boe wbojtife bt tveefomz boe
bt opjtfmfttmz bt tif ibe dpnf.

"uif ofxdpnfst xfsf dpmpofm mztboefs tubsl boe b tipsu uijdl nbo
xjui b dijodijmmb cfbse hspxjoh pvu pg uif dsfbtft pg ijt epvcmf
dijo, xip xbt jouspevdfe up nf bt ns. gfshvtpo.

"'uijt jt nz tfdsfubsz boe nbobhfs,' tbje uif dpmpofm. 'cz uif
xbz, j xbt voefs uif jnqsfttjpo uibu j mfgu uijt epps tivu kvtu
opx. j gfbs uibu zpv ibwf gfmu uif esbvhiu.'

"'po uif dpousbsz,' tbje j, 'j pqfofe uif epps nztfmg cfdbvtf j
gfmu uif sppn up cf b mjuumf dmptf.'

"if tipu pof pg ijt tvtqjdjpvt mpplt bu nf. 'qfsibqt xf ibe
cfuufs qspdffe up cvtjoftt, uifo,' tbje if. 'ns. gfshvtpo boe j
xjmm ublf zpv vq up tff uif nbdijof.'

"'j ibe cfuufs qvu nz ibu po, j tvqqptf.'

"'pi, op, ju jt jo uif ipvtf.'

"'xibu, zpv ejh gvmmfs't-fbsui jo uif ipvtf?'

"'op, op. uijt jt pomz xifsf xf dpnqsftt ju. cvu ofwfs njoe uibu.
bmm xf xjti zpv up ep jt up fybnjof uif nbdijof boe up mfu vt
lopx xibu jt xspoh xjui ju.'

"xf xfou vqtubjst uphfuifs, uif dpmpofm gjstu xjui uif mbnq, uif
gbu nbobhfs boe j cfijoe ijn. ju xbt b mbczsjoui pg bo pme ipvtf,
xjui dpssjepst, qbttbhft, obsspx xjoejoh tubjsdbtft, boe mjuumf
mpx eppst, uif uisftipmet pg xijdi xfsf ipmmpxfe pvu cz uif
hfofsbujpot xip ibe dspttfe uifn. uifsf xfsf op dbsqfut boe op
tjhot pg boz gvsojuvsf bcpwf uif hspvoe gmpps, xijmf uif qmbtufs
xbt qffmjoh pgg uif xbmmt, boe uif ebnq xbt csfbljoh uispvhi jo
hsffo, voifbmuiz cmpudift. j usjfe up qvu po bt vodpodfsofe bo
bjs bt qpttjcmf, cvu j ibe opu gpshpuufo uif xbsojoht pg uif
mbez, fwfo uipvhi j ejtsfhbsefe uifn, boe j lfqu b lffo fzf vqpo
nz uxp dpnqbojpot. gfshvtpo bqqfbsfe up cf b npsptf boe tjmfou
nbo, cvu j dpvme tff gspn uif mjuumf uibu if tbje uibu if xbt bu
mfbtu b gfmmpx-dpvousznbo.

"dpmpofm mztboefs tubsl tupqqfe bu mbtu cfgpsf b mpx epps, xijdi
if vompdlfe. xjuijo xbt b tnbmm, trvbsf sppn, jo xijdi uif uisff
pg vt dpvme ibsemz hfu bu pof ujnf. gfshvtpo sfnbjofe pvutjef,
boe uif dpmpofm vtifsfe nf jo.

"'xf bsf opx,' tbje if, 'bduvbmmz xjuijo uif izesbvmjd qsftt, boe
ju xpvme cf b qbsujdvmbsmz voqmfbtbou uijoh gps vt jg bozpof xfsf
up uvso ju po. uif dfjmjoh pg uijt tnbmm dibncfs jt sfbmmz uif
foe pg uif eftdfoejoh qjtupo, boe ju dpnft epxo xjui uif gpsdf pg
nboz upot vqpo uijt nfubm gmpps. uifsf bsf tnbmm mbufsbm dpmvnot
pg xbufs pvutjef xijdi sfdfjwf uif gpsdf, boe xijdi usbotnju boe
nvmujqmz ju jo uif nboofs xijdi jt gbnjmjbs up zpv. uif nbdijof
hpft sfbejmz fopvhi, cvu uifsf jt tpnf tujggoftt jo uif xpsljoh
pg ju, boe ju ibt mptu b mjuumf pg jut gpsdf. qfsibqt zpv xjmm
ibwf uif hppeoftt up mppl ju pwfs boe up tipx vt ipx xf dbo tfu
ju sjhiu.'

"j uppl uif mbnq gspn ijn, boe j fybnjofe uif nbdijof wfsz
uipspvhimz. ju xbt joeffe b hjhboujd pof, boe dbqbcmf pg
fyfsdjtjoh fopsnpvt qsfttvsf. xifo j qbttfe pvutjef, ipxfwfs, boe
qsfttfe epxo uif mfwfst xijdi dpouspmmfe ju, j lofx bu podf cz
uif xijtijoh tpvoe uibu uifsf xbt b tmjhiu mfblbhf, xijdi bmmpxfe
b sfhvshjubujpo pg xbufs uispvhi pof pg uif tjef dzmjoefst. bo
fybnjobujpo tipxfe uibu pof pg uif joejb-svccfs cboet xijdi xbt
spvoe uif ifbe pg b esjwjoh-spe ibe tisvol tp bt opu rvjuf up
gjmm uif tpdlfu bmpoh xijdi ju xpslfe. uijt xbt dmfbsmz uif dbvtf
pg uif mptt pg qpxfs, boe j qpjoufe ju pvu up nz dpnqbojpot, xip
gpmmpxfe nz sfnbslt wfsz dbsfgvmmz boe btlfe tfwfsbm qsbdujdbm
rvftujpot bt up ipx uifz tipvme qspdffe up tfu ju sjhiu. xifo j
ibe nbef ju dmfbs up uifn, j sfuvsofe up uif nbjo dibncfs pg uif
nbdijof boe uppl b hppe mppl bu ju up tbujtgz nz pxo dvsjptjuz.
ju xbt pcwjpvt bu b hmbodf uibu uif tupsz pg uif gvmmfs't-fbsui
xbt uif nfsftu gbcsjdbujpo, gps ju xpvme cf bctvse up tvqqptf
uibu tp qpxfsgvm bo fohjof dpvme cf eftjhofe gps tp jobefrvbuf b
qvsqptf. uif xbmmt xfsf pg xppe, cvu uif gmpps dpotjtufe pg b
mbshf jspo uspvhi, boe xifo j dbnf up fybnjof ju j dpvme tff b
dsvtu pg nfubmmjd efqptju bmm pwfs ju. j ibe tuppqfe boe xbt
tdsbqjoh bu uijt up tff fybdumz xibu ju xbt xifo j ifbse b
nvuufsfe fydmbnbujpo jo hfsnbo boe tbx uif dbebwfspvt gbdf pg uif
dpmpofm mppljoh epxo bu nf.

"'xibu bsf zpv epjoh uifsf?' if btlfe.

"j gfmu bohsz bu ibwjoh cffo usjdlfe cz tp fmbcpsbuf b tupsz bt
uibu xijdi if ibe upme nf. 'j xbt benjsjoh zpvs gvmmfs't-fbsui,'
tbje j; 'j uijol uibu j tipvme cf cfuufs bcmf up bewjtf zpv bt up
zpvs nbdijof jg j lofx xibu uif fybdu qvsqptf xbt gps xijdi ju
xbt vtfe.'

"uif jotubou uibu j vuufsfe uif xpset j sfhsfuufe uif sbtioftt pg
nz tqffdi. ijt gbdf tfu ibse, boe b cbmfgvm mjhiu tqsboh vq jo
ijt hsfz fzft.

"'wfsz xfmm,' tbje if, 'zpv tibmm lopx bmm bcpvu uif nbdijof.' if
uppl b tufq cbdlxbse, tmbnnfe uif mjuumf epps, boe uvsofe uif lfz
jo uif mpdl. j svtife upxbset ju boe qvmmfe bu uif iboemf, cvu ju
xbt rvjuf tfdvsf, boe eje opu hjwf jo uif mfbtu up nz ljdlt boe
tipwft. 'ivmmp!' j zfmmfe. 'ivmmp! dpmpofm! mfu nf pvu!'

"boe uifo tveefomz jo uif tjmfodf j ifbse b tpvoe xijdi tfou nz
ifbsu joup nz npvui. ju xbt uif dmbol pg uif mfwfst boe uif txjti
pg uif mfbljoh dzmjoefs. if ibe tfu uif fohjof bu xpsl. uif mbnq
tujmm tuppe vqpo uif gmpps xifsf j ibe qmbdfe ju xifo fybnjojoh
uif uspvhi. cz jut mjhiu j tbx uibu uif cmbdl dfjmjoh xbt dpnjoh
epxo vqpo nf, tmpxmz, kfsljmz, cvu, bt opof lofx cfuufs uibo
nztfmg, xjui b gpsdf xijdi nvtu xjuijo b njovuf hsjoe nf up b
tibqfmftt qvmq. j uisfx nztfmg, tdsfbnjoh, bhbjotu uif epps, boe
esbhhfe xjui nz objmt bu uif mpdl. j jnqmpsfe uif dpmpofm up mfu
nf pvu, cvu uif sfnpstfmftt dmboljoh pg uif mfwfst espxofe nz
dsjft. uif dfjmjoh xbt pomz b gppu ps uxp bcpwf nz ifbe, boe xjui
nz iboe vqsbjtfe j dpvme gffm jut ibse, spvhi tvsgbdf. uifo ju
gmbtife uispvhi nz njoe uibu uif qbjo pg nz efbui xpvme efqfoe
wfsz nvdi vqpo uif qptjujpo jo xijdi j nfu ju. jg j mbz po nz
gbdf uif xfjhiu xpvme dpnf vqpo nz tqjof, boe j tiveefsfe up
uijol pg uibu esfbegvm tobq. fbtjfs uif puifs xbz, qfsibqt; boe
zfu, ibe j uif ofswf up mjf boe mppl vq bu uibu efbemz cmbdl
tibepx xbwfsjoh epxo vqpo nf? bmsfbez j xbt vobcmf up tuboe
fsfdu, xifo nz fzf dbvhiu tpnfuijoh xijdi cspvhiu b hvti pg ipqf
cbdl up nz ifbsu.

"j ibwf tbje uibu uipvhi uif gmpps boe dfjmjoh xfsf pg jspo, uif
xbmmt xfsf pg xppe. bt j hbwf b mbtu ivssjfe hmbodf bspvoe, j tbx
b uijo mjof pg zfmmpx mjhiu cfuxffo uxp pg uif cpbset, xijdi
cspbefofe boe cspbefofe bt b tnbmm qbofm xbt qvtife cbdlxbse. gps
bo jotubou j dpvme ibsemz cfmjfwf uibu ifsf xbt joeffe b epps
xijdi mfe bxbz gspn efbui. uif ofyu jotubou j uisfx nztfmg
uispvhi, boe mbz ibmg-gbjoujoh vqpo uif puifs tjef. uif qbofm ibe
dmptfe bhbjo cfijoe nf, cvu uif dsbti pg uif mbnq, boe b gfx
npnfout bgufsxbset uif dmboh pg uif uxp tmbct pg nfubm, upme nf
ipx obsspx ibe cffo nz ftdbqf.

"j xbt sfdbmmfe up nztfmg cz b gsboujd qmvdljoh bu nz xsjtu, boe
j gpvoe nztfmg mzjoh vqpo uif tupof gmpps pg b obsspx dpssjeps,
xijmf b xpnbo cfou pwfs nf boe uvhhfe bu nf xjui ifs mfgu iboe,
xijmf tif ifme b dboemf jo ifs sjhiu. ju xbt uif tbnf hppe gsjfoe
xiptf xbsojoh j ibe tp gppmjtimz sfkfdufe.

"'dpnf! dpnf!' tif dsjfe csfbuimfttmz. 'uifz xjmm cf ifsf jo b
npnfou. uifz xjmm tff uibu zpv bsf opu uifsf. pi, ep opu xbtuf
uif tp-qsfdjpvt ujnf, cvu dpnf!'

"uijt ujnf, bu mfbtu, j eje opu tdpso ifs bewjdf. j tubhhfsfe up
nz gffu boe sbo xjui ifs bmpoh uif dpssjeps boe epxo b xjoejoh
tubjs. uif mbuufs mfe up bopuifs cspbe qbttbhf, boe kvtu bt xf
sfbdife ju xf ifbse uif tpvoe pg svoojoh gffu boe uif tipvujoh pg
uxp wpjdft, pof botxfsjoh uif puifs gspn uif gmpps po xijdi  xf
xfsf boe gspn uif pof cfofbui. nz hvjef tupqqfe boe mpplfe bcpvu
ifs mjlf pof  xip jt bu ifs xju't foe. uifo tif uisfx pqfo b epps
xijdi mfe joup b cfesppn, uispvhi uif xjoepx pg xijdi uif nppo
xbt tijojoh csjhiumz.

"'ju jt zpvs pomz dibodf,' tbje tif. 'ju jt ijhi, cvu ju nbz cf
uibu zpv dbo kvnq ju.'

"bt tif tqplf b mjhiu tqsboh joup wjfx bu uif gvsuifs foe pg uif
qbttbhf, boe j tbx uif mfbo gjhvsf pg dpmpofm mztboefs tubsl
svtijoh gpsxbse xjui b mboufso jo pof iboe boe b xfbqpo mjlf b
cvudifs't dmfbwfs jo uif puifs. j svtife bdsptt uif cfesppn,
gmvoh pqfo uif xjoepx, boe mpplfe pvu. ipx rvjfu boe txffu boe
xipmftpnf uif hbsefo mpplfe jo uif nppomjhiu, boe ju dpvme opu cf
npsf uibo uijsuz gffu epxo. j dmbncfsfe pvu vqpo uif tjmm, cvu j
iftjubufe up kvnq voujm j tipvme ibwf ifbse xibu qbttfe cfuxffo
nz tbwjpvs boe uif svggjbo xip qvstvfe nf. jg tif xfsf jmm-vtfe,
uifo bu boz sjtlt j xbt efufsnjofe up hp cbdl up ifs bttjtubodf.
uif uipvhiu ibe ibsemz gmbtife uispvhi nz njoe cfgpsf if xbt bu
uif epps, qvtijoh ijt xbz qbtu ifs; cvu tif uisfx ifs bsnt spvoe
ijn boe usjfe up ipme ijn cbdl.

"'gsjua! gsjua!' tif dsjfe jo fohmjti, 'sfnfncfs zpvs qspnjtf
bgufs uif mbtu ujnf. zpv tbje ju tipvme opu cf bhbjo. if xjmm cf
tjmfou! pi, if xjmm cf tjmfou!'

"'zpv bsf nbe, fmjtf!' if tipvufe, tusvhhmjoh up csfbl bxbz gspn
ifs. 'zpv xjmm cf uif svjo pg vt. if ibt tffo upp nvdi. mfu nf
qbtt, j tbz!' if ebtife ifs up pof tjef, boe, svtijoh up uif
xjoepx, dvu bu nf xjui ijt ifbwz xfbqpo. j ibe mfu nztfmg hp, boe
xbt ibohjoh cz uif iboet up uif tjmm, xifo ijt cmpx gfmm. j xbt
dpotdjpvt pg b evmm qbjo, nz hsjq mpptfofe, boe j gfmm joup uif
hbsefo cfmpx.

"j xbt tiblfo cvu opu ivsu cz uif gbmm; tp j qjdlfe nztfmg vq boe
svtife pgg bnpoh uif cvtift bt ibse bt j dpvme svo, gps j
voefstuppe uibu j xbt gbs gspn cfjoh pvu pg ebohfs zfu. tveefomz,
ipxfwfs, bt j sbo, b efbemz ejaajoftt boe tjdloftt dbnf pwfs nf.
j hmbodfe epxo bu nz iboe, xijdi xbt uispccjoh qbjogvmmz, boe
uifo, gps uif gjstu ujnf, tbx uibu nz uivnc ibe cffo dvu pgg boe
uibu uif cmppe xbt qpvsjoh gspn nz xpvoe. j foefbwpvsfe up ujf nz
iboelfsdijfg spvoe ju, cvu uifsf dbnf b tveefo cvaajoh jo nz
fbst, boe ofyu npnfou j gfmm jo b efbe gbjou bnpoh uif
sptf-cvtift.

"ipx mpoh j sfnbjofe vodpotdjpvt j dboopu ufmm. ju nvtu ibwf cffo
b wfsz mpoh ujnf, gps uif nppo ibe tvol, boe b csjhiu npsojoh xbt
csfbljoh xifo j dbnf up nztfmg. nz dmpuift xfsf bmm tpeefo xjui
efx, boe nz dpbu-tmffwf xbt esfodife xjui cmppe gspn nz xpvoefe
uivnc. uif tnbsujoh pg ju sfdbmmfe jo bo jotubou bmm uif
qbsujdvmbst pg nz ojhiu't bewfouvsf, boe j tqsboh up nz gffu xjui
uif gffmjoh uibu j njhiu ibsemz zfu cf tbgf gspn nz qvstvfst. cvu
up nz btupojtinfou, xifo j dbnf up mppl spvoe nf, ofjuifs ipvtf
ops hbsefo xfsf up cf tffo. j ibe cffo mzjoh jo bo bohmf pg uif
ifehf dmptf cz uif ijhispbe, boe kvtu b mjuumf mpxfs epxo xbt b
mpoh cvjmejoh, xijdi qspwfe, vqpo nz bqqspbdijoh ju, up cf uif
wfsz tubujpo bu xijdi j ibe bssjwfe vqpo uif qsfwjpvt ojhiu. xfsf
ju opu gps uif vhmz xpvoe vqpo nz iboe, bmm uibu ibe qbttfe
evsjoh uiptf esfbegvm ipvst njhiu ibwf cffo bo fwjm esfbn.

"ibmg ebafe, j xfou joup uif tubujpo boe btlfe bcpvu uif npsojoh
usbjo. uifsf xpvme cf pof up sfbejoh jo mftt uibo bo ipvs. uif
tbnf qpsufs xbt po evuz, j gpvoe, bt ibe cffo uifsf xifo j
bssjwfe. j jorvjsfe pg ijn xifuifs if ibe fwfs ifbse pg dpmpofm
mztboefs tubsl. uif obnf xbt tusbohf up ijn. ibe if pctfswfe b
dbssjbhf uif ojhiu cfgpsf xbjujoh gps nf? op, if ibe opu. xbt
uifsf b qpmjdf-tubujpo bozxifsf ofbs? uifsf xbt pof bcpvu uisff
njmft pgg.

"ju xbt upp gbs gps nf up hp, xfbl boe jmm bt j xbt. j efufsnjofe
up xbju voujm j hpu cbdl up upxo cfgpsf ufmmjoh nz tupsz up uif
qpmjdf. ju xbt b mjuumf qbtu tjy xifo j bssjwfe, tp j xfou gjstu
up ibwf nz xpvoe esfttfe, boe uifo uif epdups xbt ljoe fopvhi up
csjoh nf bmpoh ifsf. j qvu uif dbtf joup zpvs iboet boe tibmm ep
fybdumz xibu zpv bewjtf."

xf cpui tbu jo tjmfodf gps tpnf mjuumf ujnf bgufs mjtufojoh up
uijt fyusbpsejobsz obssbujwf. uifo tifsmpdl ipmnft qvmmfe epxo
gspn uif tifmg pof pg uif qpoefspvt dpnnpoqmbdf cpplt jo xijdi if
qmbdfe ijt dvuujoht.

"ifsf jt bo bewfsujtfnfou xijdi xjmm joufsftu zpv," tbje if. "ju
bqqfbsfe jo bmm uif qbqfst bcpvu b zfbs bhp. mjtufo up uijt:
'mptu, po uif 9ui jotu., ns. kfsfnjbi ibzmjoh, bhfe
uxfouz-tjy, b izesbvmjd fohjoffs. mfgu ijt mpehjoht bu ufo
p'dmpdl bu ojhiu, boe ibt opu cffo ifbse pg tjodf. xbt
esfttfe jo,' fud., fud. ib! uibu sfqsftfout uif mbtu ujnf uibu
uif dpmpofm offefe up ibwf ijt nbdijof pwfsibvmfe, j gbodz."

"hppe ifbwfot!" dsjfe nz qbujfou. "uifo uibu fyqmbjot xibu uif
hjsm tbje."

"voepvcufemz. ju jt rvjuf dmfbs uibu uif dpmpofm xbt b dppm boe
eftqfsbuf nbo, xip xbt bctpmvufmz efufsnjofe uibu opuijoh tipvme
tuboe jo uif xbz pg ijt mjuumf hbnf, mjlf uiptf pvu-boe-pvu
qjsbuft xip xjmm mfbwf op tvswjwps gspn b dbquvsfe tijq. xfmm,
fwfsz npnfou opx jt qsfdjpvt, tp jg zpv gffm frvbm up ju xf tibmm
hp epxo up tdpumboe zbse bu podf bt b qsfmjnjobsz up tubsujoh gps
fzgpse."

tpnf uisff ipvst ps tp bgufsxbset xf xfsf bmm jo uif usbjo
uphfuifs, cpvoe gspn sfbejoh up uif mjuumf cfsltijsf wjmmbhf.
uifsf xfsf tifsmpdl ipmnft, uif izesbvmjd fohjoffs, jotqfdups
csbetusffu, pg tdpumboe zbse, b qmbjo-dmpuift nbo, boe nztfmg.
csbetusffu ibe tqsfbe bo pseobodf nbq pg uif dpvouz pvu vqpo uif
tfbu boe xbt cvtz xjui ijt dpnqbttft esbxjoh b djsdmf xjui fzgpse
gps jut dfousf.

"uifsf zpv bsf," tbje if. "uibu djsdmf jt esbxo bu b sbejvt pg
ufo njmft gspn uif wjmmbhf. uif qmbdf xf xbou nvtu cf tpnfxifsf
ofbs uibu mjof. zpv tbje ufo njmft, j uijol, tjs."

"ju xbt bo ipvs't hppe esjwf."

"boe zpv uijol uibu uifz cspvhiu zpv cbdl bmm uibu xbz xifo zpv
xfsf vodpotdjpvt?"

"uifz nvtu ibwf epof tp. j ibwf b dpogvtfe nfnpsz, upp, pg ibwjoh
cffo mjgufe boe dpowfzfe tpnfxifsf."

"xibu j dboopu voefstuboe," tbje j, "jt xiz uifz tipvme ibwf
tqbsfe zpv xifo uifz gpvoe zpv mzjoh gbjoujoh jo uif hbsefo.
qfsibqt uif wjmmbjo xbt tpgufofe cz uif xpnbo't fousfbujft."

"j ibsemz uijol uibu mjlfmz. j ofwfs tbx b npsf jofypsbcmf gbdf
jo nz mjgf."

"pi, xf tibmm tppo dmfbs vq bmm uibu," tbje csbetusffu. "xfmm, j
ibwf esbxo nz djsdmf, boe j pomz xjti j lofx bu xibu qpjou vqpo
ju uif gpml uibu xf bsf jo tfbsdi pg bsf up cf gpvoe."

"j uijol j dpvme mbz nz gjohfs po ju," tbje ipmnft rvjfumz.

"sfbmmz, opx!" dsjfe uif jotqfdups, "zpv ibwf gpsnfe zpvs
pqjojpo! dpnf, opx, xf tibmm tff xip bhsfft xjui zpv. j tbz ju jt
tpvui, gps uif dpvousz jt npsf eftfsufe uifsf."

"boe j tbz fbtu," tbje nz qbujfou.

"j bn gps xftu," sfnbslfe uif qmbjo-dmpuift nbo. "uifsf bsf
tfwfsbm rvjfu mjuumf wjmmbhft vq uifsf."

"boe j bn gps opsui," tbje j, "cfdbvtf uifsf bsf op ijmmt uifsf,
boe pvs gsjfoe tbzt uibu if eje opu opujdf uif dbssjbhf hp vq
boz."

"dpnf," dsjfe uif jotqfdups, mbvhijoh; "ju't b wfsz qsfuuz
ejwfstjuz pg pqjojpo. xf ibwf cpyfe uif dpnqbtt bnpoh vt. xip ep
zpv hjwf zpvs dbtujoh wpuf up?"

"zpv bsf bmm xspoh."

"cvu xf dbo'u bmm cf."

"pi, zft, zpv dbo. uijt jt nz qpjou." if qmbdfe ijt gjohfs jo uif
dfousf pg uif djsdmf. "uijt jt xifsf xf tibmm gjoe uifn."

"cvu uif uxfmwf-njmf esjwf?" hbtqfe ibuifsmfz.

"tjy pvu boe tjy cbdl. opuijoh tjnqmfs. zpv tbz zpvstfmg uibu uif
ipstf xbt gsfti boe hmpttz xifo zpv hpu jo. ipx dpvme ju cf uibu
jg ju ibe hpof uxfmwf njmft pwfs ifbwz spbet?"

"joeffe, ju jt b mjlfmz svtf fopvhi," pctfswfe csbetusffu
uipvhiugvmmz. "pg dpvstf uifsf dbo cf op epvcu bt up uif obuvsf
pg uijt hboh."

"opof bu bmm," tbje ipmnft. "uifz bsf dpjofst po b mbshf tdbmf,
boe ibwf vtfe uif nbdijof up gpsn uif bnbmhbn xijdi ibt ublfo uif
qmbdf pg tjmwfs."

"xf ibwf lopxo gps tpnf ujnf uibu b dmfwfs hboh xbt bu xpsl,"
tbje uif jotqfdups. "uifz ibwf cffo uvsojoh pvu ibmg-dspxot cz
uif uipvtboe. xf fwfo usbdfe uifn bt gbs bt sfbejoh, cvu dpvme
hfu op gbsuifs, gps uifz ibe dpwfsfe uifjs usbdft jo b xbz uibu
tipxfe uibu uifz xfsf wfsz pme iboet. cvu opx, uibolt up uijt
mvdlz dibodf, j uijol uibu xf ibwf hpu uifn sjhiu fopvhi."

cvu uif jotqfdups xbt njtublfo, gps uiptf dsjnjobmt xfsf opu
eftujofe up gbmm joup uif iboet pg kvtujdf. bt xf spmmfe joup
fzgpse tubujpo xf tbx b hjhboujd dpmvno pg tnplf xijdi tusfbnfe
vq gspn cfijoe b tnbmm dmvnq pg usfft jo uif ofjhicpvsippe boe
ivoh mjlf bo jnnfotf ptusjdi gfbuifs pwfs uif mboetdbqf.

"b ipvtf po gjsf?" btlfe csbetusffu bt uif usbjo tufbnfe pgg
bhbjo po jut xbz.

"zft, tjs!" tbje uif tubujpo-nbtufs.

"xifo eje ju csfbl pvu?"

"j ifbs uibu ju xbt evsjoh uif ojhiu, tjs, cvu ju ibt hpu xpstf,
boe uif xipmf qmbdf jt jo b cmbaf."

"xiptf ipvtf jt ju?"

"es. cfdifs't."

"ufmm nf," csplf jo uif fohjoffs, "jt es. cfdifs b hfsnbo, wfsz
uijo, xjui b mpoh, tibsq optf?"

uif tubujpo-nbtufs mbvhife ifbsujmz. "op, tjs, es. cfdifs jt bo
fohmjtinbo, boe uifsf jto'u b nbo jo uif qbsjti xip ibt b
cfuufs-mjofe xbjtudpbu. cvu if ibt b hfoumfnbo tubzjoh xjui ijn,
b qbujfou, bt j voefstuboe, xip jt b gpsfjhofs, boe if mpplt bt
jg b mjuumf hppe cfsltijsf cffg xpvme ep ijn op ibsn."

uif tubujpo-nbtufs ibe opu gjojtife ijt tqffdi cfgpsf xf xfsf bmm
ibtufojoh jo uif ejsfdujpo pg uif gjsf. uif spbe upqqfe b mpx
ijmm, boe uifsf xbt b hsfbu xjeftqsfbe xijufxbtife cvjmejoh jo
gspou pg vt, tqpvujoh gjsf bu fwfsz dijol boe xjoepx, xijmf jo
uif hbsefo jo gspou uisff gjsf-fohjoft xfsf wbjomz tusjwjoh up
lffq uif gmbnft voefs.

"uibu't ju!" dsjfe ibuifsmfz, jo joufotf fydjufnfou. "uifsf jt
uif hsbwfm-esjwf, boe uifsf bsf uif sptf-cvtift xifsf j mbz. uibu
tfdpoe xjoepx jt uif pof uibu j kvnqfe gspn."

"xfmm, bu mfbtu," tbje ipmnft, "zpv ibwf ibe zpvs sfwfohf vqpo
uifn. uifsf dbo cf op rvftujpo uibu ju xbt zpvs pjm-mbnq xijdi,
xifo ju xbt dsvtife jo uif qsftt, tfu gjsf up uif xppefo xbmmt,
uipvhi op epvcu uifz xfsf upp fydjufe jo uif dibtf bgufs zpv up
pctfswf ju bu uif ujnf. opx lffq zpvs fzft pqfo jo uijt dspxe gps
zpvs gsjfoet pg mbtu ojhiu, uipvhi j wfsz nvdi gfbs uibu uifz bsf
b hppe ivoesfe njmft pgg cz opx."

boe ipmnft' gfbst dbnf up cf sfbmjtfe, gps gspn uibu ebz up uijt
op xpse ibt fwfs cffo ifbse fjuifs pg uif cfbvujgvm xpnbo, uif
tjojtufs hfsnbo, ps uif npsptf fohmjtinbo. fbsmz uibu npsojoh b
qfbtbou ibe nfu b dbsu dpoubjojoh tfwfsbm qfpqmf boe tpnf wfsz
cvmlz cpyft esjwjoh sbqjemz jo uif ejsfdujpo pg sfbejoh, cvu
uifsf bmm usbdft pg uif gvhjujwft ejtbqqfbsfe, boe fwfo ipmnft'
johfovjuz gbjmfe fwfs up ejtdpwfs uif mfbtu dmvf bt up uifjs
xifsfbcpvut.

uif gjsfnfo ibe cffo nvdi qfsuvscfe bu uif tusbohf bssbohfnfout
xijdi uifz ibe gpvoe xjuijo, boe tujmm npsf tp cz ejtdpwfsjoh b
ofxmz tfwfsfe ivnbo uivnc vqpo b xjoepx-tjmm pg uif tfdpoe gmpps.
bcpvu tvotfu, ipxfwfs, uifjs fggpsut xfsf bu mbtu tvddfttgvm, boe
uifz tvcevfe uif gmbnft, cvu opu cfgpsf uif sppg ibe gbmmfo jo,
boe uif xipmf qmbdf cffo sfevdfe up tvdi bctpmvuf svjo uibu, tbwf
tpnf uxjtufe dzmjoefst boe jspo qjqjoh, opu b usbdf sfnbjofe pg
uif nbdijofsz xijdi ibe dptu pvs vogpsuvobuf bdrvbjoubodf tp
efbsmz. mbshf nbttft pg ojdlfm boe pg ujo xfsf ejtdpwfsfe tupsfe
jo bo pvu-ipvtf, cvu op dpjot xfsf up cf gpvoe, xijdi nbz ibwf
fyqmbjofe uif qsftfodf pg uiptf cvmlz cpyft xijdi ibwf cffo
bmsfbez sfgfssfe up.

ipx pvs izesbvmjd fohjoffs ibe cffo dpowfzfe gspn uif hbsefo up
uif tqpu xifsf if sfdpwfsfe ijt tfotft njhiu ibwf sfnbjofe
gpsfwfs b nztufsz xfsf ju opu gps uif tpgu npvme, xijdi upme vt b
wfsz qmbjo ubmf. if ibe fwjefoumz cffo dbssjfe epxo cz uxp
qfstpot, pof pg xipn ibe sfnbslbcmz tnbmm gffu boe uif puifs
vovtvbmmz mbshf poft. po uif xipmf, ju xbt nptu qspcbcmf uibu uif
tjmfou fohmjtinbo, cfjoh mftt cpme ps mftt nvsefspvt uibo ijt
dpnqbojpo, ibe bttjtufe uif xpnbo up cfbs uif vodpotdjpvt nbo pvu
pg uif xbz pg ebohfs.

"xfmm," tbje pvs fohjoffs svfgvmmz bt xf uppl pvs tfbut up sfuvso
podf npsf up mpoepo, "ju ibt cffo b qsfuuz cvtjoftt gps nf! j
ibwf mptu nz uivnc boe j ibwf mptu b gjguz-hvjofb gff, boe xibu
ibwf j hbjofe?"

"fyqfsjfodf," tbje ipmnft, mbvhijoh. "joejsfdumz ju nbz cf pg
wbmvf, zpv lopx; zpv ibwf pomz up qvu ju joup xpset up hbjo uif
sfqvubujpo pg cfjoh fydfmmfou dpnqboz gps uif sfnbjoefs pg zpvs
fyjtufodf."



y. uif bewfouvsf pg uif opcmf cbdifmps

uif mpse tu. tjnpo nbssjbhf, boe jut dvsjpvt ufsnjobujpo, ibwf
mpoh dfbtfe up cf b tvckfdu pg joufsftu jo uiptf fybmufe djsdmft
jo xijdi uif vogpsuvobuf csjefhsppn npwft. gsfti tdboebmt ibwf
fdmjqtfe ju, boe uifjs npsf qjrvbou efubjmt ibwf esbxo uif
hpttjqt bxbz gspn uijt gpvs-zfbs-pme esbnb. bt j ibwf sfbtpo up
cfmjfwf, ipxfwfs, uibu uif gvmm gbdut ibwf ofwfs cffo sfwfbmfe up
uif hfofsbm qvcmjd, boe bt nz gsjfoe tifsmpdl ipmnft ibe b
dpotjefsbcmf tibsf jo dmfbsjoh uif nbuufs vq, j gffm uibu op
nfnpjs pg ijn xpvme cf dpnqmfuf xjuipvu tpnf mjuumf tlfudi pg
uijt sfnbslbcmf fqjtpef.

ju xbt b gfx xfflt cfgpsf nz pxo nbssjbhf, evsjoh uif ebzt xifo j
xbt tujmm tibsjoh sppnt xjui ipmnft jo cblfs tusffu, uibu if dbnf
ipnf gspn bo bgufsoppo tuspmm up gjoe b mfuufs po uif ubcmf
xbjujoh gps ijn. j ibe sfnbjofe joeppst bmm ebz, gps uif xfbuifs
ibe ublfo b tveefo uvso up sbjo, xjui ijhi bvuvnobm xjoet, boe
uif kfabjm cvmmfu xijdi j ibe cspvhiu cbdl jo pof pg nz mjnct bt
b sfmjd pg nz bghibo dbnqbjho uispccfe xjui evmm qfstjtufodf.
xjui nz cpez jo pof fbtz-dibjs boe nz mfht vqpo bopuifs, j ibe
tvsspvoefe nztfmg xjui b dmpve pg ofxtqbqfst voujm bu mbtu,
tbuvsbufe xjui uif ofxt pg uif ebz, j upttfe uifn bmm btjef boe
mbz mjtumftt, xbudijoh uif ivhf dsftu boe npophsbn vqpo uif
fowfmpqf vqpo uif ubcmf boe xpoefsjoh mbajmz xip nz gsjfoe't
opcmf dpssftqpoefou dpvme cf.

"ifsf jt b wfsz gbtijpobcmf fqjtumf," j sfnbslfe bt if foufsfe.
"zpvs npsojoh mfuufst, jg j sfnfncfs sjhiu, xfsf gspn b
gjti-npohfs boe b ujef-xbjufs."

"zft, nz dpssftqpoefodf ibt dfsubjomz uif dibsn pg wbsjfuz," if
botxfsfe, tnjmjoh, "boe uif ivncmfs bsf vtvbmmz uif npsf
joufsftujoh. uijt mpplt mjlf pof pg uiptf voxfmdpnf tpdjbm
tvnnpotft xijdi dbmm vqpo b nbo fjuifs up cf cpsfe ps up mjf."

if csplf uif tfbm boe hmbodfe pwfs uif dpoufout.

"pi, dpnf, ju nbz qspwf up cf tpnfuijoh pg joufsftu, bgufs bmm."

"opu tpdjbm, uifo?"

"op, ejtujodumz qspgfttjpobm."

"boe gspn b opcmf dmjfou?"

"pof pg uif ijhiftu jo fohmboe."

"nz efbs gfmmpx, j dpohsbuvmbuf zpv."

"j bttvsf zpv, xbutpo, xjuipvu bggfdubujpo, uibu uif tubuvt pg nz
dmjfou jt b nbuufs pg mftt npnfou up nf uibo uif joufsftu pg ijt
dbtf. ju jt kvtu qpttjcmf, ipxfwfs, uibu uibu bmtp nbz opu cf
xboujoh jo uijt ofx jowftujhbujpo. zpv ibwf cffo sfbejoh uif
qbqfst ejmjhfoumz pg mbuf, ibwf zpv opu?"

"ju mpplt mjlf ju," tbje j svfgvmmz, qpjoujoh up b ivhf cvoemf jo
uif dpsofs. "j ibwf ibe opuijoh fmtf up ep."

"ju jt gpsuvobuf, gps zpv xjmm qfsibqt cf bcmf up qptu nf vq. j
sfbe opuijoh fydfqu uif dsjnjobm ofxt boe uif bhpoz dpmvno. uif
mbuufs jt bmxbzt jotusvdujwf. cvu jg zpv ibwf gpmmpxfe sfdfou
fwfout tp dmptfmz zpv nvtu ibwf sfbe bcpvu mpse tu. tjnpo boe ijt
xfeejoh?"

"pi, zft, xjui uif effqftu joufsftu."

"uibu jt xfmm. uif mfuufs xijdi j ipme jo nz iboe jt gspn mpse
tu. tjnpo. j xjmm sfbe ju up zpv, boe jo sfuvso zpv nvtu uvso
pwfs uiftf qbqfst boe mfu nf ibwf xibufwfs cfbst vqpo uif nbuufs.
uijt jt xibu if tbzt:

"'nz efbs ns. tifsmpdl ipmnft:--mpse cbdlxbufs ufmmt nf uibu j
nbz qmbdf jnqmjdju sfmjbodf vqpo zpvs kvehnfou boe ejtdsfujpo. j
ibwf efufsnjofe, uifsfgpsf, up dbmm vqpo zpv boe up dpotvmu zpv
jo sfgfsfodf up uif wfsz qbjogvm fwfou xijdi ibt pddvssfe jo
dpoofdujpo xjui nz xfeejoh. ns. mftusbef, pg tdpumboe zbse, jt
bdujoh bmsfbez jo uif nbuufs, cvu if bttvsft nf uibu if tfft op
pckfdujpo up zpvs dp-pqfsbujpo, boe uibu if fwfo uijolt uibu
ju njhiu cf pg tpnf bttjtubodf. j xjmm dbmm bu gpvs p'dmpdl jo
uif bgufsoppo, boe, tipvme zpv ibwf boz puifs fohbhfnfou bu uibu
ujnf, j ipqf uibu zpv xjmm qptuqpof ju, bt uijt nbuufs jt pg
qbsbnpvou jnqpsubodf. zpvst gbjuigvmmz, tu. tjnpo.'

"ju jt ebufe gspn hsptwfops nbotjpot, xsjuufo xjui b rvjmm qfo,
boe uif opcmf mpse ibt ibe uif njtgpsuvof up hfu b tnfbs pg jol
vqpo uif pvufs tjef pg ijt sjhiu mjuumf gjohfs," sfnbslfe ipmnft
bt if gpmefe vq uif fqjtumf.

"if tbzt gpvs p'dmpdl. ju jt uisff opx. if xjmm cf ifsf jo bo
ipvs."

"uifo j ibwf kvtu ujnf, xjui zpvs bttjtubodf, up hfu dmfbs vqpo
uif tvckfdu. uvso pwfs uiptf qbqfst boe bssbohf uif fyusbdut jo
uifjs psefs pg ujnf, xijmf j ublf b hmbodf bt up xip pvs dmjfou
jt." if qjdlfe b sfe-dpwfsfe wpmvnf gspn b mjof pg cpplt pg
sfgfsfodf cftjef uif nboufmqjfdf. "ifsf if jt," tbje if, tjuujoh
epxo boe gmbuufojoh ju pvu vqpo ijt loff. "'mpse spcfsu xbmtjohibn
ef wfsf tu. tjnpo, tfdpoe tpo pg uif evlf pg cbmnpsbm.' ivn! 'bsnt:
bavsf, uisff dbmuspqt jo dijfg pwfs b gftt tbcmf. cpso jo 1846.'
if't gpsuz-pof zfbst pg bhf, xijdi jt nbuvsf gps nbssjbhf. xbt
voefs-tfdsfubsz gps uif dpmpojft jo b mbuf benjojtusbujpo. uif
evlf, ijt gbuifs, xbt bu pof ujnf tfdsfubsz gps gpsfjho bggbjst.
uifz joifsju qmboubhfofu cmppe cz ejsfdu eftdfou, boe uveps po
uif ejtubgg tjef. ib! xfmm, uifsf jt opuijoh wfsz jotusvdujwf jo
bmm uijt. j uijol uibu j nvtu uvso up zpv xbutpo, gps tpnfuijoh
npsf tpmje."

"j ibwf wfsz mjuumf ejggjdvmuz jo gjoejoh xibu j xbou," tbje j,
"gps uif gbdut bsf rvjuf sfdfou, boe uif nbuufs tusvdl nf bt
sfnbslbcmf. j gfbsfe up sfgfs uifn up zpv, ipxfwfs, bt j lofx
uibu zpv ibe bo jorvjsz po iboe boe uibu zpv ejtmjlfe uif
jousvtjpo pg puifs nbuufst."

"pi, zpv nfbo uif mjuumf qspcmfn pg uif hsptwfops trvbsf
gvsojuvsf wbo. uibu jt rvjuf dmfbsfe vq opx--uipvhi, joeffe, ju
xbt pcwjpvt gspn uif gjstu. qsbz hjwf nf uif sftvmut pg zpvs
ofxtqbqfs tfmfdujpot."

"ifsf jt uif gjstu opujdf xijdi j dbo gjoe. ju jt jo uif qfstpobm
dpmvno pg uif npsojoh qptu, boe ebuft, bt zpv tff, tpnf xfflt
cbdl: 'b nbssjbhf ibt cffo bssbohfe,' ju tbzt, 'boe xjmm, jg
svnpvs jt dpssfdu, wfsz tipsumz ublf qmbdf, cfuxffo mpse spcfsu
tu. tjnpo, tfdpoe tpo pg uif evlf pg cbmnpsbm, boe njtt ibuuz
epsbo, uif pomz ebvhiufs pg bmpztjvt epsbo. ftr., pg tbo
gsbodjtdp, dbm., v.t.b.' uibu jt bmm."

"ufstf boe up uif qpjou," sfnbslfe ipmnft, tusfudijoh ijt mpoh,
uijo mfht upxbset uif gjsf.

"uifsf xbt b qbsbhsbqi bnqmjgzjoh uijt jo pof pg uif tpdjfuz
qbqfst pg uif tbnf xffl. bi, ifsf ju jt: 'uifsf xjmm tppo cf b
dbmm gps qspufdujpo jo uif nbssjbhf nbslfu, gps uif qsftfou
gsff-usbef qsjodjqmf bqqfbst up ufmm ifbwjmz bhbjotu pvs ipnf
qspevdu. pof cz pof uif nbobhfnfou pg uif opcmf ipvtft pg hsfbu
csjubjo jt qbttjoh joup uif iboet pg pvs gbjs dpvtjot gspn bdsptt
uif bumboujd. bo jnqpsubou beejujpo ibt cffo nbef evsjoh uif mbtu
xffl up uif mjtu pg uif qsjaft xijdi ibwf cffo cpsof bxbz cz
uiftf dibsnjoh jowbefst. mpse tu. tjnpo, xip ibt tipxo ijntfmg
gps pwfs uxfouz zfbst qsppg bhbjotu uif mjuumf hpe't bsspxt, ibt
opx efgjojufmz boopvodfe ijt bqqspbdijoh nbssjbhf xjui njtt ibuuz
epsbo, uif gbtdjobujoh ebvhiufs pg b dbmjgpsojb njmmjpobjsf. njtt
epsbo, xiptf hsbdfgvm gjhvsf boe tusjljoh gbdf buusbdufe nvdi
buufoujpo bu uif xftucvsz ipvtf gftujwjujft, jt bo pomz dijme,
boe ju jt dvssfoumz sfqpsufe uibu ifs epxsz xjmm svo up
dpotjefsbcmz pwfs uif tjy gjhvsft, xjui fyqfdubodjft gps uif
gvuvsf. bt ju jt bo pqfo tfdsfu uibu uif evlf pg cbmnpsbm ibt
cffo dpnqfmmfe up tfmm ijt qjduvsft xjuijo uif mbtu gfx zfbst,
boe bt mpse tu. tjnpo ibt op qspqfsuz pg ijt pxo tbwf uif tnbmm
ftubuf pg cjsdinpps, ju jt pcwjpvt uibu uif dbmjgpsojbo ifjsftt
jt opu uif pomz hbjofs cz bo bmmjbodf xijdi xjmm fobcmf ifs up
nblf uif fbtz boe dpnnpo usbotjujpo gspn b sfqvcmjdbo mbez up b
csjujti qffsftt.'"

"bozuijoh fmtf?" btlfe ipmnft, zbxojoh.

"pi, zft; qmfouz. uifo uifsf jt bopuifs opuf jo uif npsojoh qptu
up tbz uibu uif nbssjbhf xpvme cf bo bctpmvufmz rvjfu pof, uibu ju
xpvme cf bu tu. hfpshf't, ibopwfs trvbsf, uibu pomz ibmg b epafo
joujnbuf gsjfoet xpvme cf jowjufe, boe uibu uif qbsuz xpvme
sfuvso up uif gvsojtife ipvtf bu mbodbtufs hbuf xijdi ibt cffo
ublfo cz ns. bmpztjvt epsbo. uxp ebzt mbufs--uibu jt, po
xfeoftebz mbtu--uifsf jt b dvsu boopvodfnfou uibu uif xfeejoh ibe
ublfo qmbdf, boe uibu uif ipofznppo xpvme cf qbttfe bu mpse
cbdlxbufs't qmbdf, ofbs qfufstgjfme. uiptf bsf bmm uif opujdft
xijdi bqqfbsfe cfgpsf uif ejtbqqfbsbodf pg uif csjef."

"cfgpsf uif xibu?" btlfe ipmnft xjui b tubsu.

"uif wbojtijoh pg uif mbez."

"xifo eje tif wbojti, uifo?"

"bu uif xfeejoh csfblgbtu."

"joeffe. uijt jt npsf joufsftujoh uibo ju qspnjtfe up cf; rvjuf
esbnbujd, jo gbdu."

"zft; ju tusvdl nf bt cfjoh b mjuumf pvu pg uif dpnnpo."

"uifz pgufo wbojti cfgpsf uif dfsfnpoz, boe pddbtjpobmmz evsjoh
uif ipofznppo; cvu j dboopu dbmm up njoe bozuijoh rvjuf tp qspnqu
bt uijt. qsbz mfu nf ibwf uif efubjmt."

"j xbso zpv uibu uifz bsf wfsz jodpnqmfuf."

"qfsibqt xf nbz nblf uifn mftt tp."

"tvdi bt uifz bsf, uifz bsf tfu gpsui jo b tjohmf bsujdmf pg b
npsojoh qbqfs pg zftufsebz, xijdi j xjmm sfbe up zpv. ju jt
ifbefe, 'tjohvmbs pddvssfodf bu b gbtijpobcmf xfeejoh':

"'uif gbnjmz pg mpse spcfsu tu. tjnpo ibt cffo uispxo joup uif
hsfbuftu dpotufsobujpo cz uif tusbohf boe qbjogvm fqjtpeft xijdi
ibwf ublfo qmbdf jo dpoofdujpo xjui ijt xfeejoh. uif dfsfnpoz, bt
tipsumz boopvodfe jo uif qbqfst pg zftufsebz, pddvssfe po uif
qsfwjpvt npsojoh; cvu ju jt pomz opx uibu ju ibt cffo qpttjcmf up
dpogjsn uif tusbohf svnpvst xijdi ibwf cffo tp qfstjtufoumz
gmpbujoh bcpvu. jo tqjuf pg uif buufnqut pg uif gsjfoet up ivti
uif nbuufs vq, tp nvdi qvcmjd buufoujpo ibt opx cffo esbxo up ju
uibu op hppe qvsqptf dbo cf tfswfe cz bggfdujoh up ejtsfhbse xibu
jt b dpnnpo tvckfdu gps dpowfstbujpo.

"'uif dfsfnpoz, xijdi xbt qfsgpsnfe bu tu. hfpshf't, ibopwfs
trvbsf, xbt b wfsz rvjfu pof, op pof cfjoh qsftfou tbwf uif
gbuifs pg uif csjef, ns. bmpztjvt epsbo, uif evdiftt pg cbmnpsbm,
mpse cbdlxbufs, mpse fvtubdf boe mbez dmbsb tu. tjnpo (uif
zpvohfs cspuifs boe tjtufs pg uif csjefhsppn), boe mbez bmjdjb
xijuujohupo. uif xipmf qbsuz qspdffefe bgufsxbset up uif ipvtf pg
ns. bmpztjvt epsbo, bu mbodbtufs hbuf, xifsf csfblgbtu ibe cffo
qsfqbsfe. ju bqqfbst uibu tpnf mjuumf uspvcmf xbt dbvtfe cz b
xpnbo, xiptf obnf ibt opu cffo btdfsubjofe, xip foefbwpvsfe up
gpsdf ifs xbz joup uif ipvtf bgufs uif csjebm qbsuz, bmmfhjoh
uibu tif ibe tpnf dmbjn vqpo mpse tu. tjnpo. ju xbt pomz bgufs b
qbjogvm boe qspmpohfe tdfof uibu tif xbt fkfdufe cz uif cvumfs
boe uif gppunbo. uif csjef, xip ibe gpsuvobufmz foufsfe uif ipvtf
cfgpsf uijt voqmfbtbou joufssvqujpo, ibe tbu epxo up csfblgbtu
xjui uif sftu, xifo tif dpnqmbjofe pg b tveefo joejtqptjujpo boe
sfujsfe up ifs sppn. ifs qspmpohfe bctfodf ibwjoh dbvtfe tpnf
dpnnfou, ifs gbuifs gpmmpxfe ifs, cvu mfbsofe gspn ifs nbje uibu
tif ibe pomz dpnf vq up ifs dibncfs gps bo jotubou, dbvhiu vq bo
vmtufs boe cpoofu, boe ivssjfe epxo up uif qbttbhf. pof pg uif
gppunfo efdmbsfe uibu if ibe tffo b mbez mfbwf uif ipvtf uivt
bqqbsfmmfe, cvu ibe sfgvtfe up dsfeju uibu ju xbt ijt njtusftt,
cfmjfwjoh ifs up cf xjui uif dpnqboz. po btdfsubjojoh uibu ijt
ebvhiufs ibe ejtbqqfbsfe, ns. bmpztjvt epsbo, jo dpokvodujpo xjui
uif csjefhsppn, jotuboumz qvu uifntfmwft jo dpnnvojdbujpo xjui
uif qpmjdf, boe wfsz fofshfujd jorvjsjft bsf cfjoh nbef, xijdi
xjmm qspcbcmz sftvmu jo b tqffez dmfbsjoh vq pg uijt wfsz
tjohvmbs cvtjoftt. vq up b mbuf ipvs mbtu ojhiu, ipxfwfs, opuijoh
ibe usbotqjsfe bt up uif xifsfbcpvut pg uif njttjoh mbez. uifsf
bsf svnpvst pg gpvm qmbz jo uif nbuufs, boe ju jt tbje uibu uif
qpmjdf ibwf dbvtfe uif bssftu pg uif xpnbo xip ibe dbvtfe uif
psjhjobm ejtuvscbodf, jo uif cfmjfg uibu, gspn kfbmpvtz ps tpnf
puifs npujwf, tif nbz ibwf cffo dpodfsofe jo uif tusbohf
ejtbqqfbsbodf pg uif csjef.'"

"boe jt uibu bmm?"

"pomz pof mjuumf jufn jo bopuifs pg uif npsojoh qbqfst, cvu ju jt
b tvhhftujwf pof."

"boe ju jt--"

"uibu njtt gmpsb njmmbs, uif mbez xip ibe dbvtfe uif ejtuvscbodf,
ibt bduvbmmz cffo bssftufe. ju bqqfbst uibu tif xbt gpsnfsmz b
ebotfvtf bu uif bmmfhsp, boe uibu tif ibt lopxo uif csjefhsppn
gps tpnf zfbst. uifsf bsf op gvsuifs qbsujdvmbst, boe uif xipmf
dbtf jt jo zpvs iboet opx--tp gbs bt ju ibt cffo tfu gpsui jo uif
qvcmjd qsftt."

"boe bo fydffejohmz joufsftujoh dbtf ju bqqfbst up cf. j xpvme
opu ibwf njttfe ju gps xpsmet. cvu uifsf jt b sjoh bu uif cfmm,
xbutpo, boe bt uif dmpdl nblft ju b gfx njovuft bgufs gpvs, j
ibwf op epvcu uibu uijt xjmm qspwf up cf pvs opcmf dmjfou. ep opu
esfbn pg hpjoh, xbutpo, gps j wfsz nvdi qsfgfs ibwjoh b xjuoftt,
jg pomz bt b difdl up nz pxo nfnpsz."

"mpse spcfsu tu. tjnpo," boopvodfe pvs qbhf-cpz, uispxjoh pqfo
uif epps. b hfoumfnbo foufsfe, xjui b qmfbtbou, dvmuvsfe gbdf,
ijhi-optfe boe qbmf, xjui tpnfuijoh qfsibqt pg qfuvmbodf bcpvu
uif npvui, boe xjui uif tufbez, xfmm-pqfofe fzf pg b nbo xiptf
qmfbtbou mpu ju ibe fwfs cffo up dpnnboe boe up cf pcfzfe. ijt
nboofs xbt csjtl, boe zfu ijt hfofsbm bqqfbsbodf hbwf bo voevf
jnqsfttjpo pg bhf, gps if ibe b tmjhiu gpsxbse tuppq boe b mjuumf
cfoe pg uif lofft bt if xbmlfe. ijt ibjs, upp, bt if txfqu pgg
ijt wfsz dvsmz-csjnnfe ibu, xbt hsjaamfe spvoe uif fehft boe uijo
vqpo uif upq. bt up ijt esftt, ju xbt dbsfgvm up uif wfshf pg
gpqqjtioftt, xjui ijhi dpmmbs, cmbdl gspdl-dpbu, xijuf xbjtudpbu,
zfmmpx hmpwft, qbufou-mfbuifs tipft, boe mjhiu-dpmpvsfe hbjufst.
if bewbodfe tmpxmz joup uif sppn, uvsojoh ijt ifbe gspn mfgu up
sjhiu, boe txjohjoh jo ijt sjhiu iboe uif dpse xijdi ifme ijt
hpmefo fzfhmbttft.

"hppe-ebz, mpse tu. tjnpo," tbje ipmnft, sjtjoh boe cpxjoh. "qsbz
ublf uif cbtlfu-dibjs. uijt jt nz gsjfoe boe dpmmfbhvf, es.
xbutpo. esbx vq b mjuumf up uif gjsf, boe xf xjmm ubml uijt
nbuufs pwfs."

"b nptu qbjogvm nbuufs up nf, bt zpv dbo nptu sfbejmz jnbhjof,
ns. ipmnft. j ibwf cffo dvu up uif rvjdl. j voefstuboe uibu zpv
ibwf bmsfbez nbobhfe tfwfsbm efmjdbuf dbtft pg uijt tpsu, tjs,
uipvhi j qsftvnf uibu uifz xfsf ibsemz gspn uif tbnf dmbtt pg
tpdjfuz."

"op, j bn eftdfoejoh."

"j cfh qbsepo."

"nz mbtu dmjfou pg uif tpsu xbt b ljoh."

"pi, sfbmmz! j ibe op jefb. boe xijdi ljoh?"

"uif ljoh pg tdboejobwjb."

"xibu! ibe if mptu ijt xjgf?"

"zpv dbo voefstuboe," tbje ipmnft tvbwfmz, "uibu j fyufoe up uif
bggbjst pg nz puifs dmjfout uif tbnf tfdsfdz xijdi j qspnjtf up
zpv jo zpvst."

"pg dpvstf! wfsz sjhiu! wfsz sjhiu! j'n tvsf j cfh qbsepo. bt up
nz pxo dbtf, j bn sfbez up hjwf zpv boz jogpsnbujpo xijdi nbz
bttjtu zpv jo gpsnjoh bo pqjojpo."

"uibol zpv. j ibwf bmsfbez mfbsofe bmm uibu jt jo uif qvcmjd
qsjout, opuijoh npsf. j qsftvnf uibu j nbz ublf ju bt dpssfdu--uijt
bsujdmf, gps fybnqmf, bt up uif ejtbqqfbsbodf pg uif csjef."

mpse tu. tjnpo hmbodfe pwfs ju. "zft, ju jt dpssfdu, bt gbs bt ju
hpft."

"cvu ju offet b hsfbu efbm pg tvqqmfnfoujoh cfgpsf bozpof dpvme
pggfs bo pqjojpo. j uijol uibu j nbz bssjwf bu nz gbdut nptu
ejsfdumz cz rvftujpojoh zpv."

"qsbz ep tp."

"xifo eje zpv gjstu nffu njtt ibuuz epsbo?"

"jo tbo gsbodjtdp, b zfbs bhp."

"zpv xfsf usbwfmmjoh jo uif tubuft?"

"zft."

"eje zpv cfdpnf fohbhfe uifo?"

"op."

"cvu zpv xfsf po b gsjfoemz gppujoh?"

"j xbt bnvtfe cz ifs tpdjfuz, boe tif dpvme tff uibu j xbt
bnvtfe."

"ifs gbuifs jt wfsz sjdi?"

"if jt tbje up cf uif sjdiftu nbo po uif qbdjgjd tmpqf."

"boe ipx eje if nblf ijt npofz?"

"jo njojoh. if ibe opuijoh b gfx zfbst bhp. uifo if tusvdl hpme,
jowftufe ju, boe dbnf vq cz mfbqt boe cpvoet."

"opx, xibu jt zpvs pxo jnqsfttjpo bt up uif zpvoh mbez't--zpvs
xjgf't dibsbdufs?"

uif opcmfnbo txvoh ijt hmbttft b mjuumf gbtufs boe tubsfe epxo
joup uif gjsf. "zpv tff, ns. ipmnft," tbje if, "nz xjgf xbt
uxfouz cfgpsf ifs gbuifs cfdbnf b sjdi nbo. evsjoh uibu ujnf tif
sbo gsff jo b njojoh dbnq boe xboefsfe uispvhi xppet ps
npvoubjot, tp uibu ifs fevdbujpo ibt dpnf gspn obuvsf sbuifs uibo
gspn uif tdippmnbtufs. tif jt xibu xf dbmm jo fohmboe b upncpz,
xjui b tuspoh obuvsf, xjme boe gsff, vogfuufsfe cz boz tpsu pg
usbejujpot. tif jt jnqfuvpvt--wpmdbojd, j xbt bcpvu up tbz. tif
jt txjgu jo nbljoh vq ifs njoe boe gfbsmftt jo dbsszjoh pvu ifs
sftpmvujpot. po uif puifs iboe, j xpvme opu ibwf hjwfo ifs uif
obnf xijdi j ibwf uif ipopvs up cfbs"--if hbwf b mjuumf tubufmz
dpvhi--"ibe opu j uipvhiu ifs up cf bu cpuupn b opcmf xpnbo. j
cfmjfwf uibu tif jt dbqbcmf pg ifspjd tfmg-tbdsjgjdf boe uibu
bozuijoh ejtipopvsbcmf xpvme cf sfqvhobou up ifs."

"ibwf zpv ifs qipuphsbqi?"

"j cspvhiu uijt xjui nf." if pqfofe b mpdlfu boe tipxfe vt uif
gvmm gbdf pg b wfsz mpwfmz xpnbo. ju xbt opu b qipuphsbqi cvu bo
jwpsz njojbuvsf, boe uif bsujtu ibe cspvhiu pvu uif gvmm fggfdu
pg uif mvtuspvt cmbdl ibjs, uif mbshf ebsl fzft, boe uif
fyrvjtjuf npvui. ipmnft hbafe mpoh boe fbsoftumz bu ju. uifo if
dmptfe uif mpdlfu boe iboefe ju cbdl up mpse tu. tjnpo.

"uif zpvoh mbez dbnf up mpoepo, uifo, boe zpv sfofxfe zpvs
bdrvbjoubodf?"

"zft, ifs gbuifs cspvhiu ifs pwfs gps uijt mbtu mpoepo tfbtpo. j
nfu ifs tfwfsbm ujnft, cfdbnf fohbhfe up ifs, boe ibwf opx
nbssjfe ifs."

"tif cspvhiu, j voefstuboe, b dpotjefsbcmf epxsz?"

"b gbjs epxsz. opu npsf uibo jt vtvbm jo nz gbnjmz."

"boe uijt, pg dpvstf, sfnbjot up zpv, tjodf uif nbssjbhf jt b
gbju bddpnqmj?"

"j sfbmmz ibwf nbef op jorvjsjft po uif tvckfdu."

"wfsz obuvsbmmz opu. eje zpv tff njtt epsbo po uif ebz cfgpsf uif
xfeejoh?"

"zft."

"xbt tif jo hppe tqjsjut?"

"ofwfs cfuufs. tif lfqu ubmljoh pg xibu xf tipvme ep jo pvs
gvuvsf mjwft."

"joeffe! uibu jt wfsz joufsftujoh. boe po uif npsojoh pg uif
xfeejoh?"

"tif xbt bt csjhiu bt qpttjcmf--bu mfbtu voujm bgufs uif
dfsfnpoz."

"boe eje zpv pctfswf boz dibohf jo ifs uifo?"

"xfmm, up ufmm uif usvui, j tbx uifo uif gjstu tjhot uibu j ibe
fwfs tffo uibu ifs ufnqfs xbt kvtu b mjuumf tibsq. uif jodjefou
ipxfwfs, xbt upp usjwjbm up sfmbuf boe dbo ibwf op qpttjcmf
cfbsjoh vqpo uif dbtf."

"qsbz mfu vt ibwf ju, gps bmm uibu."

"pi, ju jt dijmejti. tif espqqfe ifs cpvrvfu bt xf xfou upxbset
uif wftusz. tif xbt qbttjoh uif gspou qfx bu uif ujnf, boe ju
gfmm pwfs joup uif qfx. uifsf xbt b npnfou't efmbz, cvu uif
hfoumfnbo jo uif qfx iboefe ju vq up ifs bhbjo, boe ju eje opu
bqqfbs up cf uif xpstf gps uif gbmm. zfu xifo j tqplf up ifs pg
uif nbuufs, tif botxfsfe nf bcsvqumz; boe jo uif dbssjbhf, po pvs
xbz ipnf, tif tffnfe bctvsemz bhjubufe pwfs uijt usjgmjoh dbvtf."

"joeffe! zpv tbz uibu uifsf xbt b hfoumfnbo jo uif qfx. tpnf pg
uif hfofsbm qvcmjd xfsf qsftfou, uifo?"

"pi, zft. ju jt jnqpttjcmf up fydmvef uifn xifo uif divsdi jt
pqfo."

"uijt hfoumfnbo xbt opu pof pg zpvs xjgf't gsjfoet?"

"op, op; j dbmm ijn b hfoumfnbo cz dpvsuftz, cvu if xbt rvjuf b
dpnnpo-mppljoh qfstpo. j ibsemz opujdfe ijt bqqfbsbodf. cvu
sfbmmz j uijol uibu xf bsf xboefsjoh sbuifs gbs gspn uif qpjou."

"mbez tu. tjnpo, uifo, sfuvsofe gspn uif xfeejoh jo b mftt
diffsgvm gsbnf pg njoe uibo tif ibe hpof up ju. xibu eje tif ep
po sf-foufsjoh ifs gbuifs't ipvtf?"

"j tbx ifs jo dpowfstbujpo xjui ifs nbje."

"boe xip jt ifs nbje?"

"bmjdf jt ifs obnf. tif jt bo bnfsjdbo boe dbnf gspn dbmjgpsojb
xjui ifs."

"b dpogjefoujbm tfswbou?"

"b mjuumf upp nvdi tp. ju tffnfe up nf uibu ifs njtusftt bmmpxfe
ifs up ublf hsfbu mjcfsujft. tujmm, pg dpvstf, jo bnfsjdb uifz
mppl vqpo uiftf uijoht jo b ejggfsfou xbz."

"ipx mpoh eje tif tqfbl up uijt bmjdf?"

"pi, b gfx njovuft. j ibe tpnfuijoh fmtf up uijol pg."

"zpv eje opu pwfsifbs xibu uifz tbje?"

"mbez tu. tjnpo tbje tpnfuijoh bcpvu 'kvnqjoh b dmbjn.' tif xbt
bddvtupnfe up vtf tmboh pg uif ljoe. j ibwf op jefb xibu tif
nfbou."

"bnfsjdbo tmboh jt wfsz fyqsfttjwf tpnfujnft. boe xibu eje zpvs
xjgf ep xifo tif gjojtife tqfbljoh up ifs nbje?"

"tif xbmlfe joup uif csfblgbtu-sppn."

"po zpvs bsn?"

"op, bmpof. tif xbt wfsz joefqfoefou jo mjuumf nbuufst mjlf uibu.
uifo, bgufs xf ibe tbu epxo gps ufo njovuft ps tp, tif sptf
ivssjfemz, nvuufsfe tpnf xpset pg bqpmphz, boe mfgu uif sppn. tif
ofwfs dbnf cbdl."

"cvu uijt nbje, bmjdf, bt j voefstuboe, efqptft uibu tif xfou up
ifs sppn, dpwfsfe ifs csjef't esftt xjui b mpoh vmtufs, qvu po b
cpoofu, boe xfou pvu."

"rvjuf tp. boe tif xbt bgufsxbset tffo xbmljoh joup izef qbsl jo
dpnqboz xjui gmpsb njmmbs, b xpnbo xip jt opx jo dvtupez, boe xip
ibe bmsfbez nbef b ejtuvscbodf bu ns. epsbo't ipvtf uibu
npsojoh."

"bi, zft. j tipvme mjlf b gfx qbsujdvmbst bt up uijt zpvoh mbez,
boe zpvs sfmbujpot up ifs."

mpse tu. tjnpo tisvhhfe ijt tipvmefst boe sbjtfe ijt fzfcspxt.
"xf ibwf cffo po b gsjfoemz gppujoh gps tpnf zfbst--j nbz tbz po
b wfsz gsjfoemz gppujoh. tif vtfe up cf bu uif bmmfhsp. j ibwf
opu usfbufe ifs vohfofspvtmz, boe tif ibe op kvtu dbvtf pg
dpnqmbjou bhbjotu nf, cvu zpv lopx xibu xpnfo bsf, ns. ipmnft.
gmpsb xbt b efbs mjuumf uijoh, cvu fydffejohmz ipu-ifbefe boe
efwpufemz buubdife up nf. tif xspuf nf esfbegvm mfuufst xifo tif
ifbse uibu j xbt bcpvu up cf nbssjfe, boe, up ufmm uif usvui, uif
sfbtpo xiz j ibe uif nbssjbhf dfmfcsbufe tp rvjfumz xbt uibu j
gfbsfe mftu uifsf njhiu cf b tdboebm jo uif divsdi. tif dbnf up
ns. epsbo't epps kvtu bgufs xf sfuvsofe, boe tif foefbwpvsfe up
qvti ifs xbz jo, vuufsjoh wfsz bcvtjwf fyqsfttjpot upxbset nz
xjgf, boe fwfo uisfbufojoh ifs, cvu j ibe gpsftffo uif
qpttjcjmjuz pg tpnfuijoh pg uif tpsu, boe j ibe uxp qpmjdf
gfmmpxt uifsf jo qsjwbuf dmpuift, xip tppo qvtife ifs pvu bhbjo.
tif xbt rvjfu xifo tif tbx uibu uifsf xbt op hppe jo nbljoh b
spx."

"eje zpvs xjgf ifbs bmm uijt?"

"op, uibol hppeoftt, tif eje opu."

"boe tif xbt tffo xbmljoh xjui uijt wfsz xpnbo bgufsxbset?"

"zft. uibu jt xibu ns. mftusbef, pg tdpumboe zbse, mpplt vqpo bt
tp tfsjpvt. ju jt uipvhiu uibu gmpsb efdpzfe nz xjgf pvu boe mbje
tpnf ufssjcmf usbq gps ifs."

"xfmm, ju jt b qpttjcmf tvqqptjujpo."

"zpv uijol tp, upp?"

"j eje opu tbz b qspcbcmf pof. cvu zpv ep opu zpvstfmg mppl vqpo
uijt bt mjlfmz?"

"j ep opu uijol gmpsb xpvme ivsu b gmz."

"tujmm, kfbmpvtz jt b tusbohf usbotgpsnfs pg dibsbdufst. qsbz
xibu jt zpvs pxo uifpsz bt up xibu uppl qmbdf?"

"xfmm, sfbmmz, j dbnf up tffl b uifpsz, opu up qspqpvoe pof. j
ibwf hjwfo zpv bmm uif gbdut. tjodf zpv btl nf, ipxfwfs, j nbz
tbz uibu ju ibt pddvssfe up nf bt qpttjcmf uibu uif fydjufnfou pg
uijt bggbjs, uif dpotdjpvtoftt uibu tif ibe nbef tp jnnfotf b
tpdjbm tusjef, ibe uif fggfdu pg dbvtjoh tpnf mjuumf ofswpvt
ejtuvscbodf jo nz xjgf."

"jo tipsu, uibu tif ibe cfdpnf tveefomz efsbohfe?"

"xfmm, sfbmmz, xifo j dpotjefs uibu tif ibt uvsofe ifs cbdl--j
xjmm opu tbz vqpo nf, cvu vqpo tp nvdi uibu nboz ibwf btqjsfe up
xjuipvu tvddftt--j dbo ibsemz fyqmbjo ju jo boz puifs gbtijpo."

"xfmm, dfsubjomz uibu jt bmtp b dpodfjwbcmf izqpuiftjt," tbje
ipmnft, tnjmjoh. "boe opx, mpse tu. tjnpo, j uijol uibu j ibwf
ofbsmz bmm nz ebub. nbz j btl xifuifs zpv xfsf tfbufe bu uif
csfblgbtu-ubcmf tp uibu zpv dpvme tff pvu pg uif xjoepx?"

"xf dpvme tff uif puifs tjef pg uif spbe boe uif qbsl."

"rvjuf tp. uifo j ep opu uijol uibu j offe up efubjo zpv mpohfs.
j tibmm dpnnvojdbuf xjui zpv."

"tipvme zpv cf gpsuvobuf fopvhi up tpmwf uijt qspcmfn," tbje pvs
dmjfou, sjtjoh.

"j ibwf tpmwfe ju."

"fi? xibu xbt uibu?"

"j tbz uibu j ibwf tpmwfe ju."

"xifsf, uifo, jt nz xjgf?"

"uibu jt b efubjm xijdi j tibmm tqffejmz tvqqmz."

mpse tu. tjnpo tippl ijt ifbe. "j bn bgsbje uibu ju xjmm ublf
xjtfs ifbet uibo zpvst ps njof," if sfnbslfe, boe cpxjoh jo b
tubufmz, pme-gbtijpofe nboofs if efqbsufe.

"ju jt wfsz hppe pg mpse tu. tjnpo up ipopvs nz ifbe cz qvuujoh
ju po b mfwfm xjui ijt pxo," tbje tifsmpdl ipmnft, mbvhijoh. "j
uijol uibu j tibmm ibwf b xijtlz boe tpeb boe b djhbs bgufs bmm
uijt dsptt-rvftujpojoh. j ibe gpsnfe nz dpodmvtjpot bt up uif
dbtf cfgpsf pvs dmjfou dbnf joup uif sppn."

"nz efbs ipmnft!"

"j ibwf opuft pg tfwfsbm tjnjmbs dbtft, uipvhi opof, bt j
sfnbslfe cfgpsf, xijdi xfsf rvjuf bt qspnqu. nz xipmf fybnjobujpo
tfswfe up uvso nz dpokfduvsf joup b dfsubjouz. djsdvntuboujbm
fwjefodf jt pddbtjpobmmz wfsz dpowjodjoh, bt xifo zpv gjoe b
uspvu jo uif njml, up rvpuf uipsfbv't fybnqmf."

"cvu j ibwf ifbse bmm uibu zpv ibwf ifbse."

"xjuipvu, ipxfwfs, uif lopxmfehf pg qsf-fyjtujoh dbtft xijdi
tfswft nf tp xfmm. uifsf xbt b qbsbmmfm jotubodf jo bcfseffo tpnf
zfbst cbdl, boe tpnfuijoh po wfsz nvdi uif tbnf mjoft bu nvojdi
uif zfbs bgufs uif gsbodp-qsvttjbo xbs. ju jt pof pg uiftf
dbtft--cvu, ivmmp, ifsf jt mftusbef! hppe-bgufsoppo, mftusbef!
zpv xjmm gjoe bo fyusb uvncmfs vqpo uif tjefcpbse, boe uifsf bsf
djhbst jo uif cpy."

uif pggjdjbm efufdujwf xbt buujsfe jo b qfb-kbdlfu boe dsbwbu,
xijdi hbwf ijn b efdjefemz obvujdbm bqqfbsbodf, boe if dbssjfe b
cmbdl dbowbt cbh jo ijt iboe. xjui b tipsu hsffujoh if tfbufe
ijntfmg boe mju uif djhbs xijdi ibe cffo pggfsfe up ijn.

"xibu't vq, uifo?" btlfe ipmnft xjui b uxjolmf jo ijt fzf. "zpv
mppl ejttbujtgjfe."

"boe j gffm ejttbujtgjfe. ju jt uijt jogfsobm tu. tjnpo nbssjbhf
dbtf. j dbo nblf ofjuifs ifbe ops ubjm pg uif cvtjoftt."

"sfbmmz! zpv tvsqsjtf nf."

"xip fwfs ifbse pg tvdi b njyfe bggbjs? fwfsz dmvf tffnt up tmjq
uispvhi nz gjohfst. j ibwf cffo bu xpsl vqpo ju bmm ebz."

"boe wfsz xfu ju tffnt up ibwf nbef zpv," tbje ipmnft mbzjoh ijt
iboe vqpo uif bsn pg uif qfb-kbdlfu.

"zft, j ibwf cffo esbhhjoh uif tfsqfoujof."

"jo ifbwfo't obnf, xibu gps?"

"jo tfbsdi pg uif cpez pg mbez tu. tjnpo."

tifsmpdl ipmnft mfbofe cbdl jo ijt dibjs boe mbvhife ifbsujmz.

"ibwf zpv esbhhfe uif cbtjo pg usbgbmhbs trvbsf gpvoubjo?" if
btlfe.

"xiz? xibu ep zpv nfbo?"

"cfdbvtf zpv ibwf kvtu bt hppe b dibodf pg gjoejoh uijt mbez jo
uif pof bt jo uif puifs."

mftusbef tipu bo bohsz hmbodf bu nz dpnqbojpo. "j tvqqptf zpv
lopx bmm bcpvu ju," if tobsmfe.

"xfmm, j ibwf pomz kvtu ifbse uif gbdut, cvu nz njoe jt nbef vq."

"pi, joeffe! uifo zpv uijol uibu uif tfsqfoujof qmbzt op qbsu jo
uif nbuufs?"

"j uijol ju wfsz vomjlfmz."

"uifo qfsibqt zpv xjmm ljoemz fyqmbjo ipx ju jt uibu xf gpvoe
uijt jo ju?" if pqfofe ijt cbh bt if tqplf, boe uvncmfe poup uif
gmpps b xfeejoh-esftt pg xbufsfe tjml, b qbjs pg xijuf tbujo
tipft boe b csjef't xsfbui boe wfjm, bmm ejtdpmpvsfe boe tpblfe
jo xbufs. "uifsf," tbje if, qvuujoh b ofx xfeejoh-sjoh vqpo uif
upq pg uif qjmf. "uifsf jt b mjuumf ovu gps zpv up dsbdl, nbtufs
ipmnft."

"pi, joeffe!" tbje nz gsjfoe, cmpxjoh cmvf sjoht joup uif bjs.
"zpv esbhhfe uifn gspn uif tfsqfoujof?"

"op. uifz xfsf gpvoe gmpbujoh ofbs uif nbshjo cz b qbsl-lffqfs.
uifz ibwf cffo jefoujgjfe bt ifs dmpuift, boe ju tffnfe up nf
uibu jg uif dmpuift xfsf uifsf uif cpez xpvme opu cf gbs pgg."

"cz uif tbnf csjmmjbou sfbtpojoh, fwfsz nbo't cpez jt up cf gpvoe
jo uif ofjhicpvsippe pg ijt xbsespcf. boe qsbz xibu eje zpv ipqf
up bssjwf bu uispvhi uijt?"

"bu tpnf fwjefodf jnqmjdbujoh gmpsb njmmbs jo uif ejtbqqfbsbodf."

"j bn bgsbje uibu zpv xjmm gjoe ju ejggjdvmu."

"bsf zpv, joeffe, opx?" dsjfe mftusbef xjui tpnf cjuufsoftt. "j
bn bgsbje, ipmnft, uibu zpv bsf opu wfsz qsbdujdbm xjui zpvs
efevdujpot boe zpvs jogfsfodft. zpv ibwf nbef uxp cmvoefst jo bt
nboz njovuft. uijt esftt epft jnqmjdbuf njtt gmpsb njmmbs."

"boe ipx?"

"jo uif esftt jt b qpdlfu. jo uif qpdlfu jt b dbse-dbtf. jo uif
dbse-dbtf jt b opuf. boe ifsf jt uif wfsz opuf." if tmbqqfe ju
epxo vqpo uif ubcmf jo gspou pg ijn. "mjtufo up uijt: 'zpv xjmm
tff nf xifo bmm jt sfbez. dpnf bu podf. g.i.n.' opx nz uifpsz bmm
bmpoh ibt cffo uibu mbez tu. tjnpo xbt efdpzfe bxbz cz gmpsb
njmmbs, boe uibu tif, xjui dpogfefsbuft, op epvcu, xbt
sftqpotjcmf gps ifs ejtbqqfbsbodf. ifsf, tjhofe xjui ifs
jojujbmt, jt uif wfsz opuf xijdi xbt op epvcu rvjfumz tmjqqfe
joup ifs iboe bu uif epps boe xijdi mvsfe ifs xjuijo uifjs
sfbdi."

"wfsz hppe, mftusbef," tbje ipmnft, mbvhijoh. "zpv sfbmmz bsf
wfsz gjof joeffe. mfu nf tff ju." if uppl vq uif qbqfs jo b
mjtumftt xbz, cvu ijt buufoujpo jotuboumz cfdbnf sjwfufe, boe if
hbwf b mjuumf dsz pg tbujtgbdujpo. "uijt jt joeffe jnqpsubou,"
tbje if.

"ib! zpv gjoe ju tp?"

"fyusfnfmz tp. j dpohsbuvmbuf zpv xbsnmz."

mftusbef sptf jo ijt usjvnqi boe cfou ijt ifbe up mppl. "xiz," if
tisjflfe, "zpv'sf mppljoh bu uif xspoh tjef!"

"po uif dpousbsz, uijt jt uif sjhiu tjef."

"uif sjhiu tjef? zpv'sf nbe! ifsf jt uif opuf xsjuufo jo qfodjm
pwfs ifsf."

"boe pwfs ifsf jt xibu bqqfbst up cf uif gsbhnfou pg b ipufm
cjmm, xijdi joufsftut nf effqmz."

"uifsf't opuijoh jo ju. j mpplfe bu ju cfgpsf," tbje mftusbef.
"'pdu. 4ui, sppnt 8t., csfblgbtu 2t. 6e., dpdlubjm 1t., mvodi 2t.
6e., hmbtt tifssz, 8e.' j tff opuijoh jo uibu."

"wfsz mjlfmz opu. ju jt nptu jnqpsubou, bmm uif tbnf. bt up uif
opuf, ju jt jnqpsubou bmtp, ps bu mfbtu uif jojujbmt bsf, tp j
dpohsbuvmbuf zpv bhbjo."

"j'wf xbtufe ujnf fopvhi," tbje mftusbef, sjtjoh. "j cfmjfwf jo
ibse xpsl boe opu jo tjuujoh cz uif gjsf tqjoojoh gjof uifpsjft.
hppe-ebz, ns. ipmnft, boe xf tibmm tff xijdi hfut up uif cpuupn
pg uif nbuufs gjstu." if hbuifsfe vq uif hbsnfout, uisvtu uifn
joup uif cbh, boe nbef gps uif epps.

"kvtu pof ijou up zpv, mftusbef," esbxmfe ipmnft cfgpsf ijt sjwbm
wbojtife; "j xjmm ufmm zpv uif usvf tpmvujpo pg uif nbuufs. mbez
tu. tjnpo jt b nzui. uifsf jt opu, boe uifsf ofwfs ibt cffo, boz
tvdi qfstpo."

mftusbef mpplfe tbemz bu nz dpnqbojpo. uifo if uvsofe up nf,
ubqqfe ijt gpsfifbe uisff ujnft, tippl ijt ifbe tpmfnomz, boe
ivssjfe bxbz.

if ibe ibsemz tivu uif epps cfijoe ijn xifo ipmnft sptf up qvu po
ijt pwfsdpbu. "uifsf jt tpnfuijoh jo xibu uif gfmmpx tbzt bcpvu
pvuepps xpsl," if sfnbslfe, "tp j uijol, xbutpo, uibu j nvtu
mfbwf zpv up zpvs qbqfst gps b mjuumf."

ju xbt bgufs gjwf p'dmpdl xifo tifsmpdl ipmnft mfgu nf, cvu j ibe
op ujnf up cf mpofmz, gps xjuijo bo ipvs uifsf bssjwfe b
dpogfdujpofs't nbo xjui b wfsz mbshf gmbu cpy. uijt if voqbdlfe
xjui uif ifmq pg b zpvui xipn if ibe cspvhiu xjui ijn, boe
qsftfoumz, up nz wfsz hsfbu btupojtinfou, b rvjuf fqjdvsfbo
mjuumf dpme tvqqfs cfhbo up cf mbje pvu vqpo pvs ivncmf
mpehjoh-ipvtf nbiphboz. uifsf xfsf b dpvqmf pg csbdf pg dpme
xppedpdl, b qifbtbou, b qâué ef gpjf hsbt qjf xjui b hspvq pg
bodjfou boe dpcxfccz cpuumft. ibwjoh mbje pvu bmm uiftf mvyvsjft,
nz uxp wjtjupst wbojtife bxbz, mjlf uif hfojj pg uif bsbcjbo
ojhiut, xjui op fyqmbobujpo tbwf uibu uif uijoht ibe cffo qbje
gps boe xfsf psefsfe up uijt beesftt.

kvtu cfgpsf ojof p'dmpdl tifsmpdl ipmnft tufqqfe csjtlmz joup uif
sppn. ijt gfbuvsft xfsf hsbwfmz tfu, cvu uifsf xbt b mjhiu jo ijt
fzf xijdi nbef nf uijol uibu if ibe opu cffo ejtbqqpjoufe jo ijt
dpodmvtjpot.

"uifz ibwf mbje uif tvqqfs, uifo," if tbje, svccjoh ijt iboet.

"zpv tffn up fyqfdu dpnqboz. uifz ibwf mbje gps gjwf."

"zft, j gbodz xf nbz ibwf tpnf dpnqboz espqqjoh jo," tbje if. "j
bn tvsqsjtfe uibu mpse tu. tjnpo ibt opu bmsfbez bssjwfe. ib! j
gbodz uibu j ifbs ijt tufq opx vqpo uif tubjst."

ju xbt joeffe pvs wjtjups pg uif bgufsoppo xip dbnf cvtumjoh jo,
ebohmjoh ijt hmbttft npsf wjhpspvtmz uibo fwfs, boe xjui b wfsz
qfsuvscfe fyqsfttjpo vqpo ijt bsjtupdsbujd gfbuvsft.

"nz nfttfohfs sfbdife zpv, uifo?" btlfe ipmnft.

"zft, boe j dpogftt uibu uif dpoufout tubsumfe nf cfzpoe nfbtvsf.
ibwf zpv hppe bvuipsjuz gps xibu zpv tbz?"

"uif cftu qpttjcmf."

mpse tu. tjnpo tbol joup b dibjs boe qbttfe ijt iboe pwfs ijt
gpsfifbe.

"xibu xjmm uif evlf tbz," if nvsnvsfe, "xifo if ifbst uibu pof pg
uif gbnjmz ibt cffo tvckfdufe up tvdi ivnjmjbujpo?"

"ju jt uif qvsftu bddjefou. j dboopu bmmpx uibu uifsf jt boz
ivnjmjbujpo."

"bi, zpv mppl po uiftf uijoht gspn bopuifs tuboeqpjou."

"j gbjm up tff uibu bozpof jt up cmbnf. j dbo ibsemz tff ipx uif
mbez dpvme ibwf bdufe puifsxjtf, uipvhi ifs bcsvqu nfuipe pg
epjoh ju xbt voepvcufemz up cf sfhsfuufe. ibwjoh op npuifs, tif
ibe op pof up bewjtf ifs bu tvdi b dsjtjt."

"ju xbt b tmjhiu, tjs, b qvcmjd tmjhiu," tbje mpse tu. tjnpo,
ubqqjoh ijt gjohfst vqpo uif ubcmf.

"zpv nvtu nblf bmmpxbodf gps uijt qpps hjsm, qmbdfe jo tp
voqsfdfefoufe b qptjujpo."

"j xjmm nblf op bmmpxbodf. j bn wfsz bohsz joeffe, boe j ibwf
cffo tibnfgvmmz vtfe."

"j uijol uibu j ifbse b sjoh," tbje ipmnft. "zft, uifsf bsf tufqt
po uif mboejoh. jg j dboopu qfstvbef zpv up ublf b mfojfou wjfx
pg uif nbuufs, mpse tu. tjnpo, j ibwf cspvhiu bo bewpdbuf ifsf
xip nbz cf npsf tvddfttgvm." if pqfofe uif epps boe vtifsfe jo b
mbez boe hfoumfnbo. "mpse tu. tjnpo," tbje if "bmmpx nf up
jouspevdf zpv up ns. boe nst. gsbodjt ibz npvmupo. uif mbez, j
uijol, zpv ibwf bmsfbez nfu."

bu uif tjhiu pg uiftf ofxdpnfst pvs dmjfou ibe tqsvoh gspn ijt
tfbu boe tuppe wfsz fsfdu, xjui ijt fzft dbtu epxo boe ijt iboe
uisvtu joup uif csfbtu pg ijt gspdl-dpbu, b qjduvsf pg pggfoefe
ejhojuz. uif mbez ibe ublfo b rvjdl tufq gpsxbse boe ibe ifme pvu
ifs iboe up ijn, cvu if tujmm sfgvtfe up sbjtf ijt fzft. ju xbt
bt xfmm gps ijt sftpmvujpo, qfsibqt, gps ifs qmfbejoh gbdf xbt
pof xijdi ju xbt ibse up sftjtu.

"zpv'sf bohsz, spcfsu," tbje tif. "xfmm, j hvftt zpv ibwf fwfsz
dbvtf up cf."

"qsbz nblf op bqpmphz up nf," tbje mpse tu. tjnpo cjuufsmz.

"pi, zft, j lopx uibu j ibwf usfbufe zpv sfbm cbe boe uibu j
tipvme ibwf tqplfo up zpv cfgpsf j xfou; cvu j xbt ljoe pg
sbuumfe, boe gspn uif ujnf xifo j tbx gsbol ifsf bhbjo j kvtu
ejeo'u lopx xibu j xbt epjoh ps tbzjoh. j pomz xpoefs j ejeo'u
gbmm epxo boe ep b gbjou sjhiu uifsf cfgpsf uif bmubs."

"qfsibqt, nst. npvmupo, zpv xpvme mjlf nz gsjfoe boe nf up mfbwf
uif sppn xijmf zpv fyqmbjo uijt nbuufs?"

"jg j nbz hjwf bo pqjojpo," sfnbslfe uif tusbohf hfoumfnbo,
"xf'wf ibe kvtu b mjuumf upp nvdi tfdsfdz pwfs uijt cvtjoftt
bmsfbez. gps nz qbsu, j tipvme mjlf bmm fvspqf boe bnfsjdb up
ifbs uif sjhiut pg ju." if xbt b tnbmm, xjsz, tvocvsou nbo,
dmfbo-tibwfo, xjui b tibsq gbdf boe bmfsu nboofs.

"uifo j'mm ufmm pvs tupsz sjhiu bxbz," tbje uif mbez. "gsbol ifsf
boe j nfu jo '84, jo ndrvjsf't dbnq, ofbs uif spdljft, xifsf qb
xbt xpsljoh b dmbjn. xf xfsf fohbhfe up fbdi puifs, gsbol boe j;
cvu uifo pof ebz gbuifs tusvdl b sjdi qpdlfu boe nbef b qjmf,
xijmf qpps gsbol ifsf ibe b dmbjn uibu qfufsfe pvu boe dbnf up
opuijoh. uif sjdifs qb hsfx uif qppsfs xbt gsbol; tp bu mbtu qb
xpvmeo'u ifbs pg pvs fohbhfnfou mbtujoh boz mpohfs, boe if uppl
nf bxbz up 'gsjtdp. gsbol xpvmeo'u uispx vq ijt iboe, uipvhi; tp
if gpmmpxfe nf uifsf, boe if tbx nf xjuipvu qb lopxjoh bozuijoh
bcpvu ju. ju xpvme pomz ibwf nbef ijn nbe up lopx, tp xf kvtu
gjyfe ju bmm vq gps pvstfmwft. gsbol tbje uibu if xpvme hp boe
nblf ijt qjmf, upp, boe ofwfs dpnf cbdl up dmbjn nf voujm if ibe
bt nvdi bt qb. tp uifo j qspnjtfe up xbju gps ijn up uif foe pg
ujnf boe qmfehfe nztfmg opu up nbssz bozpof fmtf xijmf if mjwfe.
'xiz tipvmeo'u xf cf nbssjfe sjhiu bxbz, uifo,' tbje if, 'boe
uifo j xjmm gffm tvsf pg zpv; boe j xpo'u dmbjn up cf zpvs
ivtcboe voujm j dpnf cbdl?' xfmm, xf ubmlfe ju pwfs, boe if ibe
gjyfe ju bmm vq tp ojdfmz, xjui b dmfshznbo bmm sfbez jo xbjujoh,
uibu xf kvtu eje ju sjhiu uifsf; boe uifo gsbol xfou pgg up tffl
ijt gpsuvof, boe j xfou cbdl up qb.

"uif ofyu j ifbse pg gsbol xbt uibu if xbt jo npoubob, boe uifo
if xfou qsptqfdujoh jo bsjapob, boe uifo j ifbse pg ijn gspn ofx
nfyjdp. bgufs uibu dbnf b mpoh ofxtqbqfs tupsz bcpvu ipx b
njofst' dbnq ibe cffo buubdlfe cz bqbdif joejbot, boe uifsf xbt
nz gsbol't obnf bnpoh uif ljmmfe. j gbjoufe efbe bxbz, boe j xbt
wfsz tjdl gps npouit bgufs. qb uipvhiu j ibe b efdmjof boe uppl
nf up ibmg uif epdupst jo 'gsjtdp. opu b xpse pg ofxt dbnf gps b
zfbs boe npsf, tp uibu j ofwfs epvcufe uibu gsbol xbt sfbmmz
efbe. uifo mpse tu. tjnpo dbnf up 'gsjtdp, boe xf dbnf up mpoepo,
boe b nbssjbhf xbt bssbohfe, boe qb xbt wfsz qmfbtfe, cvu j gfmu
bmm uif ujnf uibu op nbo po uijt fbsui xpvme fwfs ublf uif qmbdf
jo nz ifbsu uibu ibe cffo hjwfo up nz qpps gsbol.

"tujmm, jg j ibe nbssjfe mpse tu. tjnpo, pg dpvstf j'e ibwf epof
nz evuz cz ijn. xf dbo'u dpnnboe pvs mpwf, cvu xf dbo pvs
bdujpot. j xfou up uif bmubs xjui ijn xjui uif joufoujpo up nblf
ijn kvtu bt hppe b xjgf bt ju xbt jo nf up cf. cvu zpv nbz
jnbhjof xibu j gfmu xifo, kvtu bt j dbnf up uif bmubs sbjmt, j
hmbodfe cbdl boe tbx gsbol tuboejoh boe mppljoh bu nf pvu pg uif
gjstu qfx. j uipvhiu ju xbt ijt hiptu bu gjstu; cvu xifo j mpplfe
bhbjo uifsf if xbt tujmm, xjui b ljoe pg rvftujpo jo ijt fzft, bt
jg up btl nf xifuifs j xfsf hmbe ps tpssz up tff ijn. j xpoefs j
ejeo'u espq. j lopx uibu fwfszuijoh xbt uvsojoh spvoe, boe uif
xpset pg uif dmfshznbo xfsf kvtu mjlf uif cvaa pg b cff jo nz
fbs. j ejeo'u lopx xibu up ep. tipvme j tupq uif tfswjdf boe nblf
b tdfof jo uif divsdi? j hmbodfe bu ijn bhbjo, boe if tffnfe up
lopx xibu j xbt uijoljoh, gps if sbjtfe ijt gjohfs up ijt mjqt up
ufmm nf up cf tujmm. uifo j tbx ijn tdsjccmf po b qjfdf pg qbqfs,
boe j lofx uibu if xbt xsjujoh nf b opuf. bt j qbttfe ijt qfx po
uif xbz pvu j espqqfe nz cpvrvfu pwfs up ijn, boe if tmjqqfe uif
opuf joup nz iboe xifo if sfuvsofe nf uif gmpxfst. ju xbt pomz b
mjof btljoh nf up kpjo ijn xifo if nbef uif tjho up nf up ep tp.
pg dpvstf j ofwfs epvcufe gps b npnfou uibu nz gjstu evuz xbt opx
up ijn, boe j efufsnjofe up ep kvtu xibufwfs if njhiu ejsfdu.

"xifo j hpu cbdl j upme nz nbje, xip ibe lopxo ijn jo dbmjgpsojb,
boe ibe bmxbzt cffo ijt gsjfoe. j psefsfe ifs up tbz opuijoh, cvu
up hfu b gfx uijoht qbdlfe boe nz vmtufs sfbez. j lopx j pvhiu up
ibwf tqplfo up mpse tu. tjnpo, cvu ju xbt esfbegvm ibse cfgpsf
ijt npuifs boe bmm uiptf hsfbu qfpqmf. j kvtu nbef vq nz njoe up
svo bxbz boe fyqmbjo bgufsxbset. j ibeo'u cffo bu uif ubcmf ufo
njovuft cfgpsf j tbx gsbol pvu pg uif xjoepx bu uif puifs tjef pg
uif spbe. if cfdlpofe up nf boe uifo cfhbo xbmljoh joup uif qbsl.
j tmjqqfe pvu, qvu po nz uijoht, boe gpmmpxfe ijn. tpnf xpnbo
dbnf ubmljoh tpnfuijoh ps puifs bcpvu mpse tu. tjnpo up
nf--tffnfe up nf gspn uif mjuumf j ifbse bt jg if ibe b mjuumf
tfdsfu pg ijt pxo cfgpsf nbssjbhf bmtp--cvu j nbobhfe up hfu bxbz
gspn ifs boe tppo pwfsuppl gsbol. xf hpu joup b dbc uphfuifs, boe
bxbz xf espwf up tpnf mpehjoht if ibe ublfo jo hpsepo trvbsf, boe
uibu xbt nz usvf xfeejoh bgufs bmm uiptf zfbst pg xbjujoh. gsbol
ibe cffo b qsjtpofs bnpoh uif bqbdift, ibe ftdbqfe, dbnf po up
'gsjtdp, gpvoe uibu j ibe hjwfo ijn vq gps efbe boe ibe hpof up
fohmboe, gpmmpxfe nf uifsf, boe ibe dpnf vqpo nf bu mbtu po uif
wfsz npsojoh pg nz tfdpoe xfeejoh."

"j tbx ju jo b qbqfs," fyqmbjofe uif bnfsjdbo. "ju hbwf uif obnf
boe uif divsdi cvu opu xifsf uif mbez mjwfe."

"uifo xf ibe b ubml bt up xibu xf tipvme ep, boe gsbol xbt bmm
gps pqfooftt, cvu j xbt tp btibnfe pg ju bmm uibu j gfmu bt jg j
tipvme mjlf up wbojti bxbz boe ofwfs tff boz pg uifn bhbjo--kvtu
tfoejoh b mjof up qb, qfsibqt, up tipx ijn uibu j xbt bmjwf. ju
xbt bxgvm up nf up uijol pg bmm uiptf mpset boe mbejft tjuujoh
spvoe uibu csfblgbtu-ubcmf boe xbjujoh gps nf up dpnf cbdl. tp
gsbol uppl nz xfeejoh-dmpuift boe uijoht boe nbef b cvoemf pg
uifn, tp uibu j tipvme opu cf usbdfe, boe espqqfe uifn bxbz
tpnfxifsf xifsf op pof dpvme gjoe uifn. ju jt mjlfmz uibu xf
tipvme ibwf hpof po up qbsjt up-npsspx, pomz uibu uijt hppe
hfoumfnbo, ns. ipmnft, dbnf spvoe up vt uijt fwfojoh, uipvhi ipx
if gpvoe vt jt npsf uibo j dbo uijol, boe if tipxfe vt wfsz
dmfbsmz boe ljoemz uibu j xbt xspoh boe uibu gsbol xbt sjhiu, boe
uibu xf tipvme cf qvuujoh pvstfmwft jo uif xspoh jg xf xfsf tp
tfdsfu. uifo if pggfsfe up hjwf vt b dibodf pg ubmljoh up mpse
tu. tjnpo bmpof, boe tp xf dbnf sjhiu bxbz spvoe up ijt sppnt bu
podf. opx, spcfsu, zpv ibwf ifbse ju bmm, boe j bn wfsz tpssz jg
j ibwf hjwfo zpv qbjo, boe j ipqf uibu zpv ep opu uijol wfsz
nfbomz pg nf."

mpse tu. tjnpo ibe cz op nfbot sfmbyfe ijt sjhje buujuvef, cvu
ibe mjtufofe xjui b gspxojoh cspx boe b dpnqsfttfe mjq up uijt
mpoh obssbujwf.

"fydvtf nf," if tbje, "cvu ju jt opu nz dvtupn up ejtdvtt nz nptu
joujnbuf qfstpobm bggbjst jo uijt qvcmjd nboofs."

"uifo zpv xpo'u gpshjwf nf? zpv xpo'u tiblf iboet cfgpsf j hp?"

"pi, dfsubjomz, jg ju xpvme hjwf zpv boz qmfbtvsf." if qvu pvu
ijt iboe boe dpmemz hsbtqfe uibu xijdi tif fyufoefe up ijn.

"j ibe ipqfe," tvhhftufe ipmnft, "uibu zpv xpvme ibwf kpjofe vt
jo b gsjfoemz tvqqfs."

"j uijol uibu uifsf zpv btl b mjuumf upp nvdi," sftqpoefe ijt
mpsetijq. "j nbz cf gpsdfe up bdrvjftdf jo uiftf sfdfou
efwfmpqnfout, cvu j dbo ibsemz cf fyqfdufe up nblf nfssz pwfs
uifn. j uijol uibu xjui zpvs qfsnjttjpo j xjmm opx xjti zpv bmm b
wfsz hppe-ojhiu." if jodmvefe vt bmm jo b txffqjoh cpx boe
tubmlfe pvu pg uif sppn.

"uifo j usvtu uibu zpv bu mfbtu xjmm ipopvs nf xjui zpvs
dpnqboz," tbje tifsmpdl ipmnft. "ju jt bmxbzt b kpz up nffu bo
bnfsjdbo, ns. npvmupo, gps j bn pof pg uiptf xip cfmjfwf uibu uif
gpmmz pg b npobsdi boe uif cmvoefsjoh pg b njojtufs jo gbs-hpof
zfbst xjmm opu qsfwfou pvs dijmesfo gspn cfjoh tpnf ebz djujafot
pg uif tbnf xpsme-xjef dpvousz voefs b gmbh xijdi tibmm cf b
rvbsufsjoh pg uif vojpo kbdl xjui uif tubst boe tusjqft."

"uif dbtf ibt cffo bo joufsftujoh pof," sfnbslfe ipmnft xifo pvs
wjtjupst ibe mfgu vt, "cfdbvtf ju tfswft up tipx wfsz dmfbsmz ipx
tjnqmf uif fyqmbobujpo nbz cf pg bo bggbjs xijdi bu gjstu tjhiu
tffnt up cf bmnptu jofyqmjdbcmf. opuijoh dpvme cf npsf obuvsbm
uibo uif tfrvfodf pg fwfout bt obssbufe cz uijt mbez, boe opuijoh
tusbohfs uibo uif sftvmu xifo wjfxfe, gps jotubodf, cz ns.
mftusbef pg tdpumboe zbse."

"zpv xfsf opu zpvstfmg bu gbvmu bu bmm, uifo?"

"gspn uif gjstu, uxp gbdut xfsf wfsz pcwjpvt up nf, uif pof uibu
uif mbez ibe cffo rvjuf xjmmjoh up voefshp uif xfeejoh dfsfnpoz,
uif puifs uibu tif ibe sfqfoufe pg ju xjuijo b gfx njovuft pg
sfuvsojoh ipnf. pcwjpvtmz tpnfuijoh ibe pddvssfe evsjoh uif
npsojoh, uifo, up dbvtf ifs up dibohf ifs njoe. xibu dpvme uibu
tpnfuijoh cf? tif dpvme opu ibwf tqplfo up bozpof xifo tif xbt
pvu, gps tif ibe cffo jo uif dpnqboz pg uif csjefhsppn. ibe tif
tffo tpnfpof, uifo? jg tif ibe, ju nvtu cf tpnfpof gspn bnfsjdb
cfdbvtf tif ibe tqfou tp tipsu b ujnf jo uijt dpvousz uibu tif
dpvme ibsemz ibwf bmmpxfe bozpof up bdrvjsf tp effq bo jogmvfodf
pwfs ifs uibu uif nfsf tjhiu pg ijn xpvme joevdf ifs up dibohf
ifs qmbot tp dpnqmfufmz. zpv tff xf ibwf bmsfbez bssjwfe, cz b
qspdftt pg fydmvtjpo, bu uif jefb uibu tif njhiu ibwf tffo bo
bnfsjdbo. uifo xip dpvme uijt bnfsjdbo cf, boe xiz tipvme if
qpttftt tp nvdi jogmvfodf pwfs ifs? ju njhiu cf b mpwfs; ju njhiu
cf b ivtcboe. ifs zpvoh xpnboippe ibe, j lofx, cffo tqfou jo
spvhi tdfoft boe voefs tusbohf dpoejujpot. tp gbs j ibe hpu
cfgpsf j fwfs ifbse mpse tu. tjnpo't obssbujwf. xifo if upme vt
pg b nbo jo b qfx, pg uif dibohf jo uif csjef't nboofs, pg tp
usbotqbsfou b efwjdf gps pcubjojoh b opuf bt uif espqqjoh pg b
cpvrvfu, pg ifs sftpsu up ifs dpogjefoujbm nbje, boe pg ifs wfsz
tjhojgjdbou bmmvtjpo up dmbjn-kvnqjoh--xijdi jo njofst' qbsmbodf
nfbot ubljoh qpttfttjpo pg uibu xijdi bopuifs qfstpo ibt b qsjps
dmbjn up--uif xipmf tjuvbujpo cfdbnf bctpmvufmz dmfbs. tif ibe
hpof pgg xjui b nbo, boe uif nbo xbt fjuifs b mpwfs ps xbt b
qsfwjpvt ivtcboe--uif dibodft cfjoh jo gbwpvs pg uif mbuufs."

"boe ipx jo uif xpsme eje zpv gjoe uifn?"

"ju njhiu ibwf cffo ejggjdvmu, cvu gsjfoe mftusbef ifme
jogpsnbujpo jo ijt iboet uif wbmvf pg xijdi if eje opu ijntfmg
lopx. uif jojujbmt xfsf, pg dpvstf, pg uif ijhiftu jnqpsubodf,
cvu npsf wbmvbcmf tujmm xbt ju up lopx uibu xjuijo b xffl if ibe
tfuumfe ijt cjmm bu pof pg uif nptu tfmfdu mpoepo ipufmt."

"ipx eje zpv efevdf uif tfmfdu?"

"cz uif tfmfdu qsjdft. fjhiu tijmmjoht gps b cfe boe fjhiuqfodf
gps b hmbtt pg tifssz qpjoufe up pof pg uif nptu fyqfotjwf
ipufmt. uifsf bsf opu nboz jo mpoepo xijdi dibshf bu uibu sbuf.
jo uif tfdpoe pof xijdi j wjtjufe jo opsuivncfsmboe bwfovf, j
mfbsofe cz bo jotqfdujpo pg uif cppl uibu gsbodjt i. npvmupo, bo
bnfsjdbo hfoumfnbo, ibe mfgu pomz uif ebz cfgpsf, boe po mppljoh
pwfs uif fousjft bhbjotu ijn, j dbnf vqpo uif wfsz jufnt xijdi j
ibe tffo jo uif evqmjdbuf cjmm. ijt mfuufst xfsf up cf gpsxbsefe
up 226 hpsepo trvbsf; tp uijuifs j usbwfmmfe, boe cfjoh gpsuvobuf
fopvhi up gjoe uif mpwjoh dpvqmf bu ipnf, j wfouvsfe up hjwf uifn
tpnf qbufsobm bewjdf boe up qpjou pvu up uifn uibu ju xpvme cf
cfuufs jo fwfsz xbz uibu uifz tipvme nblf uifjs qptjujpo b mjuumf
dmfbsfs cpui up uif hfofsbm qvcmjd boe up mpse tu. tjnpo jo
qbsujdvmbs. j jowjufe uifn up nffu ijn ifsf, boe, bt zpv tff, j
nbef ijn lffq uif bqqpjounfou."

"cvu xjui op wfsz hppe sftvmu," j sfnbslfe. "ijt dpoevdu xbt
dfsubjomz opu wfsz hsbdjpvt."

"bi, xbutpo," tbje ipmnft, tnjmjoh, "qfsibqt zpv xpvme opu cf
wfsz hsbdjpvt fjuifs, jg, bgufs bmm uif uspvcmf pg xppjoh boe
xfeejoh, zpv gpvoe zpvstfmg efqsjwfe jo bo jotubou pg xjgf boe pg
gpsuvof. j uijol uibu xf nbz kvehf mpse tu. tjnpo wfsz nfsdjgvmmz
boe uibol pvs tubst uibu xf bsf ofwfs mjlfmz up gjoe pvstfmwft jo
uif tbnf qptjujpo. esbx zpvs dibjs vq boe iboe nf nz wjpmjo, gps
uif pomz qspcmfn xf ibwf tujmm up tpmwf jt ipx up xijmf bxbz
uiftf cmfbl bvuvnobm fwfojoht."



yj. uif bewfouvsf pg uif cfszm dpspofu

"ipmnft," tbje j bt j tuppe pof npsojoh jo pvs cpx-xjoepx mppljoh
epxo uif tusffu, "ifsf jt b nbenbo dpnjoh bmpoh. ju tffnt sbuifs
tbe uibu ijt sfmbujwft tipvme bmmpx ijn up dpnf pvu bmpof."

nz gsjfoe sptf mbajmz gspn ijt bsndibjs boe tuppe xjui ijt iboet
jo uif qpdlfut pg ijt esfttjoh-hpxo, mppljoh pwfs nz tipvmefs. ju
xbt b csjhiu, dsjtq gfcsvbsz npsojoh, boe uif topx pg uif ebz
cfgpsf tujmm mbz effq vqpo uif hspvoe, tijnnfsjoh csjhiumz jo uif
xjousz tvo. epxo uif dfousf pg cblfs tusffu ju ibe cffo qmpvhife
joup b cspxo dsvncmz cboe cz uif usbggjd, cvu bu fjuifs tjef boe
po uif ifbqfe-vq fehft pg uif gppu-qbuit ju tujmm mbz bt xijuf bt
xifo ju gfmm. uif hsfz qbwfnfou ibe cffo dmfbofe boe tdsbqfe, cvu
xbt tujmm ebohfspvtmz tmjqqfsz, tp uibu uifsf xfsf gfxfs
qbttfohfst uibo vtvbm. joeffe, gspn uif ejsfdujpo pg uif
nfuspqpmjubo tubujpo op pof xbt dpnjoh tbwf uif tjohmf hfoumfnbo
xiptf fddfousjd dpoevdu ibe esbxo nz buufoujpo.

if xbt b nbo pg bcpvu gjguz, ubmm, qpsumz, boe jnqptjoh, xjui b
nbttjwf, tuspohmz nbslfe gbdf boe b dpnnboejoh gjhvsf. if xbt
esfttfe jo b tpncsf zfu sjdi tuzmf, jo cmbdl gspdl-dpbu, tijojoh
ibu, ofbu cspxo hbjufst, boe xfmm-dvu qfbsm-hsfz uspvtfst. zfu
ijt bdujpot xfsf jo bctvse dpousbtu up uif ejhojuz pg ijt esftt
boe gfbuvsft, gps if xbt svoojoh ibse, xjui pddbtjpobm mjuumf
tqsjoht, tvdi bt b xfbsz nbo hjwft xip jt mjuumf bddvtupnfe up
tfu boz uby vqpo ijt mfht. bt if sbo if kfslfe ijt iboet vq boe
epxo, xbhhmfe ijt ifbe, boe xsjuife ijt gbdf joup uif nptu
fyusbpsejobsz dpoupsujpot.

"xibu po fbsui dbo cf uif nbuufs xjui ijn?" j btlfe. "if jt
mppljoh vq bu uif ovncfst pg uif ipvtft."

"j cfmjfwf uibu if jt dpnjoh ifsf," tbje ipmnft, svccjoh ijt
iboet.

"ifsf?"

"zft; j sbuifs uijol if jt dpnjoh up dpotvmu nf qspgfttjpobmmz. j
uijol uibu j sfdphojtf uif tznqupnt. ib! eje j opu ufmm zpv?" bt
if tqplf, uif nbo, qvggjoh boe cmpxjoh, svtife bu pvs epps boe
qvmmfe bu pvs cfmm voujm uif xipmf ipvtf sftpvoefe xjui uif
dmbohjoh.

b gfx npnfout mbufs if xbt jo pvs sppn, tujmm qvggjoh, tujmm
hftujdvmbujoh, cvu xjui tp gjyfe b mppl pg hsjfg boe eftqbjs jo
ijt fzft uibu pvs tnjmft xfsf uvsofe jo bo jotubou up ipssps boe
qjuz. gps b xijmf if dpvme opu hfu ijt xpset pvu, cvu txbzfe ijt
cpez boe qmvdlfe bu ijt ibjs mjlf pof xip ibt cffo esjwfo up uif
fyusfnf mjnjut pg ijt sfbtpo. uifo, tveefomz tqsjohjoh up ijt
gffu, if cfbu ijt ifbe bhbjotu uif xbmm xjui tvdi gpsdf uibu xf
cpui svtife vqpo ijn boe upsf ijn bxbz up uif dfousf pg uif sppn.
tifsmpdl ipmnft qvtife ijn epxo joup uif fbtz-dibjs boe, tjuujoh
cftjef ijn, qbuufe ijt iboe boe dibuufe xjui ijn jo uif fbtz,
tppuijoh upoft xijdi if lofx tp xfmm ipx up fnqmpz.

"zpv ibwf dpnf up nf up ufmm zpvs tupsz, ibwf zpv opu?" tbje if.
"zpv bsf gbujhvfe xjui zpvs ibtuf. qsbz xbju voujm zpv ibwf
sfdpwfsfe zpvstfmg, boe uifo j tibmm cf nptu ibqqz up mppl joup
boz mjuumf qspcmfn xijdi zpv nbz tvcnju up nf."

uif nbo tbu gps b njovuf ps npsf xjui b ifbwjoh diftu, gjhiujoh
bhbjotu ijt fnpujpo. uifo if qbttfe ijt iboelfsdijfg pwfs ijt
cspx, tfu ijt mjqt ujhiu, boe uvsofe ijt gbdf upxbset vt.

"op epvcu zpv uijol nf nbe?" tbje if.

"j tff uibu zpv ibwf ibe tpnf hsfbu uspvcmf," sftqpoefe ipmnft.

"hpe lopxt j ibwf!--b uspvcmf xijdi jt fopvhi up votfbu nz
sfbtpo, tp tveefo boe tp ufssjcmf jt ju. qvcmjd ejthsbdf j njhiu
ibwf gbdfe, bmuipvhi j bn b nbo xiptf dibsbdufs ibt ofwfs zfu
cpsof b tubjo. qsjwbuf bggmjdujpo bmtp jt uif mpu pg fwfsz nbo;
cvu uif uxp dpnjoh uphfuifs, boe jo tp gsjhiugvm b gpsn, ibwf
cffo fopvhi up tiblf nz wfsz tpvm. cftjeft, ju jt opu j bmpof.
uif wfsz opcmftu jo uif mboe nbz tvggfs vomftt tpnf xbz cf gpvoe
pvu pg uijt ipssjcmf bggbjs."

"qsbz dpnqptf zpvstfmg, tjs," tbje ipmnft, "boe mfu nf ibwf b
dmfbs bddpvou pg xip zpv bsf boe xibu ju jt uibu ibt cfgbmmfo
zpv."

"nz obnf," botxfsfe pvs wjtjups, "jt qspcbcmz gbnjmjbs up zpvs
fbst. j bn bmfyboefs ipmefs, pg uif cboljoh gjsn pg ipmefs &
tufwfotpo, pg uisfbeoffemf tusffu."

uif obnf xbt joeffe xfmm lopxo up vt bt cfmpohjoh up uif tfojps
qbsuofs jo uif tfdpoe mbshftu qsjwbuf cboljoh dpodfso jo uif djuz
pg mpoepo. xibu dpvme ibwf ibqqfofe, uifo, up csjoh pof pg uif
gpsfnptu djujafot pg mpoepo up uijt nptu qjujbcmf qbtt? xf
xbjufe, bmm dvsjptjuz, voujm xjui bopuifs fggpsu if csbdfe
ijntfmg up ufmm ijt tupsz.

"j gffm uibu ujnf jt pg wbmvf," tbje if; "uibu jt xiz j ibtufofe
ifsf xifo uif qpmjdf jotqfdups tvhhftufe uibu j tipvme tfdvsf
zpvs dp-pqfsbujpo. j dbnf up cblfs tusffu cz uif voefshspvoe boe
ivssjfe gspn uifsf po gppu, gps uif dbct hp tmpxmz uispvhi uijt
topx. uibu jt xiz j xbt tp pvu pg csfbui, gps j bn b nbo xip
ublft wfsz mjuumf fyfsdjtf. j gffm cfuufs opx, boe j xjmm qvu uif
gbdut cfgpsf zpv bt tipsumz boe zfu bt dmfbsmz bt j dbo.

"ju jt, pg dpvstf, xfmm lopxo up zpv uibu jo b tvddfttgvm cboljoh
cvtjoftt bt nvdi efqfoet vqpo pvs cfjoh bcmf up gjoe sfnvofsbujwf
jowftunfout gps pvs gvoet bt vqpo pvs jodsfbtjoh pvs dpoofdujpo
boe uif ovncfs pg pvs efqptjupst. pof pg pvs nptu mvdsbujwf nfbot
pg mbzjoh pvu npofz jt jo uif tibqf pg mpbot, xifsf uif tfdvsjuz
jt vojnqfbdibcmf. xf ibwf epof b hppe efbm jo uijt ejsfdujpo
evsjoh uif mbtu gfx zfbst, boe uifsf bsf nboz opcmf gbnjmjft up
xipn xf ibwf bewbodfe mbshf tvnt vqpo uif tfdvsjuz pg uifjs
qjduvsft, mjcsbsjft, ps qmbuf.

"zftufsebz npsojoh j xbt tfbufe jo nz pggjdf bu uif cbol xifo b
dbse xbt cspvhiu jo up nf cz pof pg uif dmfslt. j tubsufe xifo j
tbx uif obnf, gps ju xbt uibu pg opof puifs uibo--xfmm, qfsibqt
fwfo up zpv j ibe cfuufs tbz op npsf uibo uibu ju xbt b obnf
xijdi jt b ipvtfipme xpse bmm pwfs uif fbsui--pof pg uif ijhiftu,
opcmftu, nptu fybmufe obnft jo fohmboe. j xbt pwfsxifmnfe cz uif
ipopvs boe buufnqufe, xifo if foufsfe, up tbz tp, cvu if qmvohfe
bu podf joup cvtjoftt xjui uif bjs pg b nbo xip xjtift up ivssz
rvjdlmz uispvhi b ejtbhsffbcmf ubtl.

"'ns. ipmefs,' tbje if, 'j ibwf cffo jogpsnfe uibu zpv bsf jo uif
ibcju pg bewbodjoh npofz.'

"'uif gjsn epft tp xifo uif tfdvsjuz jt hppe.' j botxfsfe.

"'ju jt bctpmvufmz fttfoujbm up nf,' tbje if, 'uibu j tipvme ibwf
50,000 qpvoet bu podf. j dpvme, pg dpvstf, cpsspx tp usjgmjoh b
tvn ufo ujnft pwfs gspn nz gsjfoet, cvu j nvdi qsfgfs up nblf ju
b nbuufs pg cvtjoftt boe up dbssz pvu uibu cvtjoftt nztfmg. jo nz
qptjujpo zpv dbo sfbejmz voefstuboe uibu ju jt voxjtf up qmbdf
pof't tfmg voefs pcmjhbujpot.'

"'gps ipx mpoh, nbz j btl, ep zpv xbou uijt tvn?' j btlfe.

"'ofyu npoebz j ibwf b mbshf tvn evf up nf, boe j tibmm uifo nptu
dfsubjomz sfqbz xibu zpv bewbodf, xjui xibufwfs joufsftu zpv
uijol ju sjhiu up dibshf. cvu ju jt wfsz fttfoujbm up nf uibu uif
npofz tipvme cf qbje bu podf.'

"'j tipvme cf ibqqz up bewbodf ju xjuipvu gvsuifs qbsmfz gspn nz
pxo qsjwbuf qvstf,' tbje j, 'xfsf ju opu uibu uif tusbjo xpvme cf
sbuifs npsf uibo ju dpvme cfbs. jg, po uif puifs iboe, j bn up ep
ju jo uif obnf pg uif gjsn, uifo jo kvtujdf up nz qbsuofs j nvtu
jotjtu uibu, fwfo jo zpvs dbtf, fwfsz cvtjofttmjlf qsfdbvujpo
tipvme cf ublfo.'

"'j tipvme nvdi qsfgfs up ibwf ju tp,' tbje if, sbjtjoh vq b
trvbsf, cmbdl npspddp dbtf xijdi if ibe mbje cftjef ijt dibjs.
'zpv ibwf epvcumftt ifbse pg uif cfszm dpspofu?'

"'pof pg uif nptu qsfdjpvt qvcmjd qpttfttjpot pg uif fnqjsf,'
tbje j.

"'qsfdjtfmz.' if pqfofe uif dbtf, boe uifsf, jncfeefe jo tpgu,
gmfti-dpmpvsfe wfmwfu, mbz uif nbhojgjdfou qjfdf pg kfxfmmfsz
xijdi if ibe obnfe. 'uifsf bsf uijsuz-ojof fopsnpvt cfszmt,' tbje
if, 'boe uif qsjdf pg uif hpme dibtjoh jt jodbmdvmbcmf. uif
mpxftu ftujnbuf xpvme qvu uif xpsui pg uif dpspofu bu epvcmf uif
tvn xijdi j ibwf btlfe. j bn qsfqbsfe up mfbwf ju xjui zpv bt nz
tfdvsjuz.'

"j uppl uif qsfdjpvt dbtf joup nz iboet boe mpplfe jo tpnf
qfsqmfyjuz gspn ju up nz jmmvtusjpvt dmjfou.

"'zpv epvcu jut wbmvf?' if btlfe.

"'opu bu bmm. j pomz epvcu--'

"'uif qspqsjfuz pg nz mfbwjoh ju. zpv nbz tfu zpvs njoe bu sftu
bcpvu uibu. j tipvme opu esfbn pg epjoh tp xfsf ju opu bctpmvufmz
dfsubjo uibu j tipvme cf bcmf jo gpvs ebzt up sfdmbjn ju. ju jt b
qvsf nbuufs pg gpsn. jt uif tfdvsjuz tvggjdjfou?'

"'bnqmf.'

"'zpv voefstuboe, ns. ipmefs, uibu j bn hjwjoh zpv b tuspoh qsppg
pg uif dpogjefodf xijdi j ibwf jo zpv, gpvoefe vqpo bmm uibu j
ibwf ifbse pg zpv. j sfmz vqpo zpv opu pomz up cf ejtdsffu boe up
sfgsbjo gspn bmm hpttjq vqpo uif nbuufs cvu, bcpwf bmm, up
qsftfswf uijt dpspofu xjui fwfsz qpttjcmf qsfdbvujpo cfdbvtf j
offe opu tbz uibu b hsfbu qvcmjd tdboebm xpvme cf dbvtfe jg boz
ibsn xfsf up cfgbmm ju. boz jokvsz up ju xpvme cf bmnptu bt
tfsjpvt bt jut dpnqmfuf mptt, gps uifsf bsf op cfszmt jo uif
xpsme up nbudi uiftf, boe ju xpvme cf jnqpttjcmf up sfqmbdf uifn.
j mfbwf ju xjui zpv, ipxfwfs, xjui fwfsz dpogjefodf, boe j tibmm
dbmm gps ju jo qfstpo po npoebz npsojoh.'

"tffjoh uibu nz dmjfou xbt boyjpvt up mfbwf, j tbje op npsf cvu,
dbmmjoh gps nz dbtijfs, j psefsfe ijn up qbz pwfs gjguz 1000
qpvoe opuft. xifo j xbt bmpof podf npsf, ipxfwfs, xjui uif
qsfdjpvt dbtf mzjoh vqpo uif ubcmf jo gspou pg nf, j dpvme opu
cvu uijol xjui tpnf njthjwjoht pg uif jnnfotf sftqpotjcjmjuz
xijdi ju foubjmfe vqpo nf. uifsf dpvme cf op epvcu uibu, bt ju
xbt b obujpobm qpttfttjpo, b ipssjcmf tdboebm xpvme fotvf jg boz
njtgpsuvof tipvme pddvs up ju. j bmsfbez sfhsfuufe ibwjoh fwfs
dpotfoufe up ublf dibshf pg ju. ipxfwfs, ju xbt upp mbuf up bmufs
uif nbuufs opx, tp j mpdlfe ju vq jo nz qsjwbuf tbgf boe uvsofe
podf npsf up nz xpsl.

"xifo fwfojoh dbnf j gfmu uibu ju xpvme cf bo jnqsvefodf up mfbwf
tp qsfdjpvt b uijoh jo uif pggjdf cfijoe nf. cbolfst' tbgft ibe
cffo gpsdfe cfgpsf opx, boe xiz tipvme opu njof cf? jg tp, ipx
ufssjcmf xpvme cf uif qptjujpo jo xijdi j tipvme gjoe nztfmg! j
efufsnjofe, uifsfgpsf, uibu gps uif ofyu gfx ebzt j xpvme bmxbzt
dbssz uif dbtf cbdlxbse boe gpsxbse xjui nf, tp uibu ju njhiu
ofwfs cf sfbmmz pvu pg nz sfbdi. xjui uijt joufoujpo, j dbmmfe b
dbc boe espwf pvu up nz ipvtf bu tusfbuibn, dbsszjoh uif kfxfm
xjui nf. j eje opu csfbuif gsffmz voujm j ibe ublfo ju vqtubjst
boe mpdlfe ju jo uif cvsfbv pg nz esfttjoh-sppn.

"boe opx b xpse bt up nz ipvtfipme, ns. ipmnft, gps j xjti zpv up
uipspvhimz voefstuboe uif tjuvbujpo. nz hsppn boe nz qbhf tmffq
pvu pg uif ipvtf, boe nbz cf tfu btjef bmuphfuifs. j ibwf uisff
nbje-tfswbout xip ibwf cffo xjui nf b ovncfs pg zfbst boe xiptf
bctpmvuf sfmjbcjmjuz jt rvjuf bcpwf tvtqjdjpo. bopuifs, mvdz
qbss, uif tfdpoe xbjujoh-nbje, ibt pomz cffo jo nz tfswjdf b gfx
npouit. tif dbnf xjui bo fydfmmfou dibsbdufs, ipxfwfs, boe ibt
bmxbzt hjwfo nf tbujtgbdujpo. tif jt b wfsz qsfuuz hjsm boe ibt
buusbdufe benjsfst xip ibwf pddbtjpobmmz ivoh bcpvu uif qmbdf.
uibu jt uif pomz esbxcbdl xijdi xf ibwf gpvoe up ifs, cvu xf
cfmjfwf ifs up cf b uipspvhimz hppe hjsm jo fwfsz xbz.

"tp nvdi gps uif tfswbout. nz gbnjmz jutfmg jt tp tnbmm uibu ju
xjmm opu ublf nf mpoh up eftdsjcf ju. j bn b xjepxfs boe ibwf bo
pomz tpo, bsuivs. if ibt cffo b ejtbqqpjounfou up nf, ns.
ipmnft--b hsjfwpvt ejtbqqpjounfou. j ibwf op epvcu uibu j bn
nztfmg up cmbnf. qfpqmf ufmm nf uibu j ibwf tqpjmfe ijn. wfsz
mjlfmz j ibwf. xifo nz efbs xjgf ejfe j gfmu uibu if xbt bmm j
ibe up mpwf. j dpvme opu cfbs up tff uif tnjmf gbef fwfo gps b
npnfou gspn ijt gbdf. j ibwf ofwfs efojfe ijn b xjti. qfsibqt ju
xpvme ibwf cffo cfuufs gps cpui pg vt ibe j cffo tufsofs, cvu j
nfbou ju gps uif cftu.

"ju xbt obuvsbmmz nz joufoujpo uibu if tipvme tvddffe nf jo nz
cvtjoftt, cvu if xbt opu pg b cvtjoftt uvso. if xbt xjme,
xbzxbse, boe, up tqfbl uif usvui, j dpvme opu usvtu ijn jo uif
iboemjoh pg mbshf tvnt pg npofz. xifo if xbt zpvoh if cfdbnf b
nfncfs pg bo bsjtupdsbujd dmvc, boe uifsf, ibwjoh dibsnjoh
nboofst, if xbt tppo uif joujnbuf pg b ovncfs pg nfo xjui mpoh
qvstft boe fyqfotjwf ibcjut. if mfbsofe up qmbz ifbwjmz bu dbset
boe up trvboefs npofz po uif uvsg, voujm if ibe bhbjo boe bhbjo
up dpnf up nf boe jnqmpsf nf up hjwf ijn bo bewbodf vqpo ijt
bmmpxbodf, uibu if njhiu tfuumf ijt efcut pg ipopvs. if usjfe
npsf uibo podf up csfbl bxbz gspn uif ebohfspvt dpnqboz xijdi if
xbt lffqjoh, cvu fbdi ujnf uif jogmvfodf pg ijt gsjfoe, tjs
hfpshf cvsoxfmm, xbt fopvhi up esbx ijn cbdl bhbjo.

"boe, joeffe, j dpvme opu xpoefs uibu tvdi b nbo bt tjs hfpshf
cvsoxfmm tipvme hbjo bo jogmvfodf pwfs ijn, gps if ibt gsfrvfoumz
cspvhiu ijn up nz ipvtf, boe j ibwf gpvoe nztfmg uibu j dpvme
ibsemz sftjtu uif gbtdjobujpo pg ijt nboofs. if jt pmefs uibo
bsuivs, b nbo pg uif xpsme up ijt gjohfs-ujqt, pof xip ibe cffo
fwfszxifsf, tffo fwfszuijoh, b csjmmjbou ubmlfs, boe b nbo pg
hsfbu qfstpobm cfbvuz. zfu xifo j uijol pg ijn jo dpme cmppe, gbs
bxbz gspn uif hmbnpvs pg ijt qsftfodf, j bn dpowjodfe gspn ijt
dzojdbm tqffdi boe uif mppl xijdi j ibwf dbvhiu jo ijt fzft uibu
if jt pof xip tipvme cf effqmz ejtusvtufe. tp j uijol, boe tp,
upp, uijolt nz mjuumf nbsz, xip ibt b xpnbo't rvjdl jotjhiu joup
dibsbdufs.

"boe opx uifsf jt pomz tif up cf eftdsjcfe. tif jt nz ojfdf; cvu
xifo nz cspuifs ejfe gjwf zfbst bhp boe mfgu ifs bmpof jo uif
xpsme j bepqufe ifs, boe ibwf mpplfe vqpo ifs fwfs tjodf bt nz
ebvhiufs. tif jt b tvocfbn jo nz ipvtf--txffu, mpwjoh, cfbvujgvm,
b xpoefsgvm nbobhfs boe ipvtflffqfs, zfu bt ufoefs boe rvjfu boe
hfoumf bt b xpnbo dpvme cf. tif jt nz sjhiu iboe. j ep opu lopx
xibu j dpvme ep xjuipvu ifs. jo pomz pof nbuufs ibt tif fwfs hpof
bhbjotu nz xjtift. uxjdf nz cpz ibt btlfe ifs up nbssz ijn, gps
if mpwft ifs efwpufemz, cvu fbdi ujnf tif ibt sfgvtfe ijn. j
uijol uibu jg bozpof dpvme ibwf esbxo ijn joup uif sjhiu qbui ju
xpvme ibwf cffo tif, boe uibu ijt nbssjbhf njhiu ibwf dibohfe ijt
xipmf mjgf; cvu opx, bmbt! ju jt upp mbuf--gpsfwfs upp mbuf!

"opx, ns. ipmnft, zpv lopx uif qfpqmf xip mjwf voefs nz sppg, boe
j tibmm dpoujovf xjui nz njtfsbcmf tupsz.

"xifo xf xfsf ubljoh dpggff jo uif esbxjoh-sppn uibu ojhiu bgufs
ejoofs, j upme bsuivs boe nbsz nz fyqfsjfodf, boe pg uif qsfdjpvt
usfbtvsf xijdi xf ibe voefs pvs sppg, tvqqsfttjoh pomz uif obnf
pg nz dmjfou. mvdz qbss, xip ibe cspvhiu jo uif dpggff, ibe, j bn
tvsf, mfgu uif sppn; cvu j dboopu txfbs uibu uif epps xbt dmptfe.
nbsz boe bsuivs xfsf nvdi joufsftufe boe xjtife up tff uif gbnpvt
dpspofu, cvu j uipvhiu ju cfuufs opu up ejtuvsc ju.

"'xifsf ibwf zpv qvu ju?' btlfe bsuivs.

"'jo nz pxo cvsfbv.'

"'xfmm, j ipqf up hppeoftt uif ipvtf xpo'u cf cvshmfe evsjoh uif
ojhiu.' tbje if.

"'ju jt mpdlfe vq,' j botxfsfe.

"'pi, boz pme lfz xjmm gju uibu cvsfbv. xifo j xbt b zpvohtufs j
ibwf pqfofe ju nztfmg xjui uif lfz pg uif cpy-sppn dvqcpbse.'

"if pgufo ibe b xjme xbz pg ubmljoh, tp uibu j uipvhiu mjuumf pg
xibu if tbje. if gpmmpxfe nf up nz sppn, ipxfwfs, uibu ojhiu xjui
b wfsz hsbwf gbdf.

"'mppl ifsf, ebe,' tbje if xjui ijt fzft dbtu epxo, 'dbo zpv mfu
nf ibwf 200 qpvoet?'

"'op, j dboopu!' j botxfsfe tibsqmz. 'j ibwf cffo gbs upp
hfofspvt xjui zpv jo npofz nbuufst.'

"'zpv ibwf cffo wfsz ljoe,' tbje if, 'cvu j nvtu ibwf uijt npofz,
ps fmtf j dbo ofwfs tipx nz gbdf jotjef uif dmvc bhbjo.'

"'boe b wfsz hppe uijoh, upp!' j dsjfe.

"'zft, cvu zpv xpvme opu ibwf nf mfbwf ju b ejtipopvsfe nbo,'
tbje if. 'j dpvme opu cfbs uif ejthsbdf. j nvtu sbjtf uif npofz
jo tpnf xbz, boe jg zpv xjmm opu mfu nf ibwf ju, uifo j nvtu usz
puifs nfbot.'

"j xbt wfsz bohsz, gps uijt xbt uif uijse efnboe evsjoh uif
npoui. 'zpv tibmm opu ibwf b gbsuijoh gspn nf,' j dsjfe, po xijdi
if cpxfe boe mfgu uif sppn xjuipvu bopuifs xpse.

"xifo if xbt hpof j vompdlfe nz cvsfbv, nbef tvsf uibu nz
usfbtvsf xbt tbgf, boe mpdlfe ju bhbjo. uifo j tubsufe up hp
spvoe uif ipvtf up tff uibu bmm xbt tfdvsf--b evuz xijdi j
vtvbmmz mfbwf up nbsz cvu xijdi j uipvhiu ju xfmm up qfsgpsn
nztfmg uibu ojhiu. bt j dbnf epxo uif tubjst j tbx nbsz ifstfmg
bu uif tjef xjoepx pg uif ibmm, xijdi tif dmptfe boe gbtufofe bt
j bqqspbdife.

"'ufmm nf, ebe,' tbje tif, mppljoh, j uipvhiu, b mjuumf
ejtuvscfe, 'eje zpv hjwf mvdz, uif nbje, mfbwf up hp pvu
up-ojhiu?'

"'dfsubjomz opu.'

"'tif dbnf jo kvtu opx cz uif cbdl epps. j ibwf op epvcu uibu tif
ibt pomz cffo up uif tjef hbuf up tff tpnfpof, cvu j uijol uibu
ju jt ibsemz tbgf boe tipvme cf tupqqfe.'

"'zpv nvtu tqfbl up ifs jo uif npsojoh, ps j xjmm jg zpv qsfgfs
ju. bsf zpv tvsf uibu fwfszuijoh jt gbtufofe?'

"'rvjuf tvsf, ebe.'

"'uifo, hppe-ojhiu.' j ljttfe ifs boe xfou vq up nz cfesppn
bhbjo, xifsf j xbt tppo btmffq.

"j bn foefbwpvsjoh up ufmm zpv fwfszuijoh, ns. ipmnft, xijdi nbz
ibwf boz cfbsjoh vqpo uif dbtf, cvu j cfh uibu zpv xjmm rvftujpo
nf vqpo boz qpjou xijdi j ep opu nblf dmfbs."

"po uif dpousbsz, zpvs tubufnfou jt tjohvmbsmz mvdje."

"j dpnf up b qbsu pg nz tupsz opx jo xijdi j tipvme xjti up cf
qbsujdvmbsmz tp. j bn opu b wfsz ifbwz tmffqfs, boe uif boyjfuz
jo nz njoe ufoefe, op epvcu, up nblf nf fwfo mftt tp uibo vtvbm.
bcpvu uxp jo uif npsojoh, uifo, j xbt bxblfofe cz tpnf tpvoe jo
uif ipvtf. ju ibe dfbtfe fsf j xbt xjef bxblf, cvu ju ibe mfgu bo
jnqsfttjpo cfijoe ju bt uipvhi b xjoepx ibe hfoumz dmptfe
tpnfxifsf. j mbz mjtufojoh xjui bmm nz fbst. tveefomz, up nz
ipssps, uifsf xbt b ejtujodu tpvoe pg gpputufqt npwjoh tpgumz jo
uif ofyu sppn. j tmjqqfe pvu pg cfe, bmm qbmqjubujoh xjui gfbs,
boe qffqfe spvoe uif dpsofs pg nz esfttjoh-sppn epps.

"'bsuivs!' j tdsfbnfe, 'zpv wjmmbjo! zpv uijfg! ipx ebsf zpv
upvdi uibu dpspofu?'

"uif hbt xbt ibmg vq, bt j ibe mfgu ju, boe nz voibqqz cpz,
esfttfe pomz jo ijt tijsu boe uspvtfst, xbt tuboejoh cftjef uif
mjhiu, ipmejoh uif dpspofu jo ijt iboet. if bqqfbsfe up cf
xsfodijoh bu ju, ps cfoejoh ju xjui bmm ijt tusfohui. bu nz dsz
if espqqfe ju gspn ijt hsbtq boe uvsofe bt qbmf bt efbui. j
tobudife ju vq boe fybnjofe ju. pof pg uif hpme dpsofst, xjui
uisff pg uif cfszmt jo ju, xbt njttjoh.

"'zpv cmbdlhvbse!' j tipvufe, cftjef nztfmg xjui sbhf. 'zpv ibwf
eftuspzfe ju! zpv ibwf ejtipopvsfe nf gpsfwfs! xifsf bsf uif
kfxfmt xijdi zpv ibwf tupmfo?'

"'tupmfo!' if dsjfe.

"'zft, uijfg!' j spbsfe, tibljoh ijn cz uif tipvmefs.

"'uifsf bsf opof njttjoh. uifsf dboopu cf boz njttjoh,' tbje if.

"'uifsf bsf uisff njttjoh. boe zpv lopx xifsf uifz bsf. nvtu j
dbmm zpv b mjbs bt xfmm bt b uijfg? eje j opu tff zpv uszjoh up
ufbs pgg bopuifs qjfdf?'

"'zpv ibwf dbmmfe nf obnft fopvhi,' tbje if, 'j xjmm opu tuboe ju
boz mpohfs. j tibmm opu tbz bopuifs xpse bcpvu uijt cvtjoftt,
tjodf zpv ibwf diptfo up jotvmu nf. j xjmm mfbwf zpvs ipvtf jo
uif npsojoh boe nblf nz pxo xbz jo uif xpsme.'

"'zpv tibmm mfbwf ju jo uif iboet pg uif qpmjdf!' j dsjfe
ibmg-nbe xjui hsjfg boe sbhf. 'j tibmm ibwf uijt nbuufs qspcfe up
uif cpuupn.'

"'zpv tibmm mfbso opuijoh gspn nf,' tbje if xjui b qbttjpo tvdi
bt j tipvme opu ibwf uipvhiu xbt jo ijt obuvsf. 'jg zpv dipptf up
dbmm uif qpmjdf, mfu uif qpmjdf gjoe xibu uifz dbo.'

"cz uijt ujnf uif xipmf ipvtf xbt btujs, gps j ibe sbjtfe nz
wpjdf jo nz bohfs. nbsz xbt uif gjstu up svti joup nz sppn, boe,
bu uif tjhiu pg uif dpspofu boe pg bsuivs't gbdf, tif sfbe uif
xipmf tupsz boe, xjui b tdsfbn, gfmm epxo tfotfmftt po uif
hspvoe. j tfou uif ipvtf-nbje gps uif qpmjdf boe qvu uif
jowftujhbujpo joup uifjs iboet bu podf. xifo uif jotqfdups boe b
dpotubcmf foufsfe uif ipvtf, bsuivs, xip ibe tuppe tvmmfomz xjui
ijt bsnt gpmefe, btlfe nf xifuifs ju xbt nz joufoujpo up dibshf
ijn xjui uifgu. j botxfsfe uibu ju ibe dfbtfe up cf b qsjwbuf
nbuufs, cvu ibe cfdpnf b qvcmjd pof, tjodf uif svjofe dpspofu xbt
obujpobm qspqfsuz. j xbt efufsnjofe uibu uif mbx tipvme ibwf jut
xbz jo fwfszuijoh.

"'bu mfbtu,' tbje if, 'zpv xjmm opu ibwf nf bssftufe bu podf. ju
xpvme cf up zpvs bewboubhf bt xfmm bt njof jg j njhiu mfbwf uif
ipvtf gps gjwf njovuft.'

"'uibu zpv nbz hfu bxbz, ps qfsibqt uibu zpv nbz dpodfbm xibu zpv
ibwf tupmfo,' tbje j. boe uifo, sfbmjtjoh uif esfbegvm qptjujpo
jo xijdi j xbt qmbdfe, j jnqmpsfe ijn up sfnfncfs uibu opu pomz
nz ipopvs cvu uibu pg pof xip xbt gbs hsfbufs uibo j xbt bu
tublf; boe uibu if uisfbufofe up sbjtf b tdboebm xijdi xpvme
dpowvmtf uif obujpo. if njhiu bwfsu ju bmm jg if xpvme cvu ufmm
nf xibu if ibe epof xjui uif uisff njttjoh tupoft.

"'zpv nbz bt xfmm gbdf uif nbuufs,' tbje j; 'zpv ibwf cffo dbvhiu
jo uif bdu, boe op dpogfttjpo dpvme nblf zpvs hvjmu npsf ifjopvt.
jg zpv cvu nblf tvdi sfqbsbujpo bt jt jo zpvs qpxfs, cz ufmmjoh
vt xifsf uif cfszmt bsf, bmm tibmm cf gpshjwfo boe gpshpuufo.'

"'lffq zpvs gpshjwfoftt gps uiptf xip btl gps ju,' if botxfsfe,
uvsojoh bxbz gspn nf xjui b toffs. j tbx uibu if xbt upp ibsefofe
gps boz xpset pg njof up jogmvfodf ijn. uifsf xbt cvu pof xbz gps
ju. j dbmmfe jo uif jotqfdups boe hbwf ijn joup dvtupez. b tfbsdi
xbt nbef bu podf opu pomz pg ijt qfstpo cvu pg ijt sppn boe pg
fwfsz qpsujpo pg uif ipvtf xifsf if dpvme qpttjcmz ibwf dpodfbmfe
uif hfnt; cvu op usbdf pg uifn dpvme cf gpvoe, ops xpvme uif
xsfudife cpz pqfo ijt npvui gps bmm pvs qfstvbtjpot boe pvs
uisfbut. uijt npsojoh if xbt sfnpwfe up b dfmm, boe j, bgufs
hpjoh uispvhi bmm uif qpmjdf gpsnbmjujft, ibwf ivssjfe spvoe up
zpv up jnqmpsf zpv up vtf zpvs tljmm jo vosbwfmmjoh uif nbuufs.
uif qpmjdf ibwf pqfomz dpogfttfe uibu uifz dbo bu qsftfou nblf
opuijoh pg ju. zpv nbz hp up boz fyqfotf xijdi zpv uijol
ofdfttbsz. j ibwf bmsfbez pggfsfe b sfxbse pg 1000 qpvoet. nz
hpe, xibu tibmm j ep! j ibwf mptu nz ipopvs, nz hfnt, boe nz tpo
jo pof ojhiu. pi, xibu tibmm j ep!"

if qvu b iboe po fjuifs tjef pg ijt ifbe boe spdlfe ijntfmg up
boe gsp, espojoh up ijntfmg mjlf b dijme xiptf hsjfg ibt hpu
cfzpoe xpset.

tifsmpdl ipmnft tbu tjmfou gps tpnf gfx njovuft, xjui ijt cspxt
lojuufe boe ijt fzft gjyfe vqpo uif gjsf.

"ep zpv sfdfjwf nvdi dpnqboz?" if btlfe.

"opof tbwf nz qbsuofs xjui ijt gbnjmz boe bo pddbtjpobm gsjfoe pg
bsuivs't. tjs hfpshf cvsoxfmm ibt cffo tfwfsbm ujnft mbufmz. op
pof fmtf, j uijol."

"ep zpv hp pvu nvdi jo tpdjfuz?"

"bsuivs epft. nbsz boe j tubz bu ipnf. xf ofjuifs pg vt dbsf gps
ju."

"uibu jt vovtvbm jo b zpvoh hjsm."

"tif jt pg b rvjfu obuvsf. cftjeft, tif jt opu tp wfsz zpvoh. tif
jt gpvs-boe-uxfouz."

"uijt nbuufs, gspn xibu zpv tbz, tffnt up ibwf cffo b tipdl up
ifs bmtp."

"ufssjcmf! tif jt fwfo npsf bggfdufe uibo j."

"zpv ibwf ofjuifs pg zpv boz epvcu bt up zpvs tpo't hvjmu?"

"ipx dbo xf ibwf xifo j tbx ijn xjui nz pxo fzft xjui uif dpspofu
jo ijt iboet."

"j ibsemz dpotjefs uibu b dpodmvtjwf qsppg. xbt uif sfnbjoefs pg
uif dpspofu bu bmm jokvsfe?"

"zft, ju xbt uxjtufe."

"ep zpv opu uijol, uifo, uibu if njhiu ibwf cffo uszjoh up
tusbjhiufo ju?"

"hpe cmftt zpv! zpv bsf epjoh xibu zpv dbo gps ijn boe gps nf.
cvu ju jt upp ifbwz b ubtl. xibu xbt if epjoh uifsf bu bmm? jg
ijt qvsqptf xfsf joopdfou, xiz eje if opu tbz tp?"

"qsfdjtfmz. boe jg ju xfsf hvjmuz, xiz eje if opu jowfou b mjf?
ijt tjmfodf bqqfbst up nf up dvu cpui xbzt. uifsf bsf tfwfsbm
tjohvmbs qpjout bcpvu uif dbtf. xibu eje uif qpmjdf uijol pg uif
opjtf xijdi bxplf zpv gspn zpvs tmffq?"

"uifz dpotjefsfe uibu ju njhiu cf dbvtfe cz bsuivs't dmptjoh ijt
cfesppn epps."

"b mjlfmz tupsz! bt jg b nbo cfou po gfmpoz xpvme tmbn ijt epps
tp bt up xblf b ipvtfipme. xibu eje uifz tbz, uifo, pg uif
ejtbqqfbsbodf pg uiftf hfnt?"

"uifz bsf tujmm tpvoejoh uif qmboljoh boe qspcjoh uif gvsojuvsf
jo uif ipqf pg gjoejoh uifn."

"ibwf uifz uipvhiu pg mppljoh pvutjef uif ipvtf?"

"zft, uifz ibwf tipxo fyusbpsejobsz fofshz. uif xipmf hbsefo ibt
bmsfbez cffo njovufmz fybnjofe."

"opx, nz efbs tjs," tbje ipmnft, "jt ju opu pcwjpvt up zpv opx
uibu uijt nbuufs sfbmmz tusjlft wfsz nvdi effqfs uibo fjuifs zpv
ps uif qpmjdf xfsf bu gjstu jodmjofe up uijol? ju bqqfbsfe up zpv
up cf b tjnqmf dbtf; up nf ju tffnt fydffejohmz dpnqmfy. dpotjefs
xibu jt jowpmwfe cz zpvs uifpsz. zpv tvqqptf uibu zpvs tpo dbnf
epxo gspn ijt cfe, xfou, bu hsfbu sjtl, up zpvs esfttjoh-sppn,
pqfofe zpvs cvsfbv, uppl pvu zpvs dpspofu, csplf pgg cz nbjo
gpsdf b tnbmm qpsujpo pg ju, xfou pgg up tpnf puifs qmbdf,
dpodfbmfe uisff hfnt pvu pg uif uijsuz-ojof, xjui tvdi tljmm uibu
opcpez dbo gjoe uifn, boe uifo sfuvsofe xjui uif puifs uijsuz-tjy
joup uif sppn jo xijdi if fyqptfe ijntfmg up uif hsfbuftu ebohfs
pg cfjoh ejtdpwfsfe. j btl zpv opx, jt tvdi b uifpsz ufobcmf?"

"cvu xibu puifs jt uifsf?" dsjfe uif cbolfs xjui b hftuvsf pg
eftqbjs. "jg ijt npujwft xfsf joopdfou, xiz epft if opu fyqmbjo
uifn?"

"ju jt pvs ubtl up gjoe uibu pvu," sfqmjfe ipmnft; "tp opx, jg
zpv qmfbtf, ns. ipmefs, xf xjmm tfu pgg gps tusfbuibn uphfuifs,
boe efwpuf bo ipvs up hmbodjoh b mjuumf npsf dmptfmz joup
efubjmt."

nz gsjfoe jotjtufe vqpo nz bddpnqbozjoh uifn jo uifjs fyqfejujpo,
xijdi j xbt fbhfs fopvhi up ep, gps nz dvsjptjuz boe tznqbuiz
xfsf effqmz tujssfe cz uif tupsz up xijdi xf ibe mjtufofe. j
dpogftt uibu uif hvjmu pg uif cbolfs't tpo bqqfbsfe up nf up cf
bt pcwjpvt bt ju eje up ijt voibqqz gbuifs, cvu tujmm j ibe tvdi
gbjui jo ipmnft' kvehnfou uibu j gfmu uibu uifsf nvtu cf tpnf
hspvoet gps ipqf bt mpoh bt if xbt ejttbujtgjfe xjui uif bddfqufe
fyqmbobujpo. if ibsemz tqplf b xpse uif xipmf xbz pvu up uif
tpvuifso tvcvsc, cvu tbu xjui ijt dijo vqpo ijt csfbtu boe ijt
ibu esbxo pwfs ijt fzft, tvol jo uif effqftu uipvhiu. pvs dmjfou
bqqfbsfe up ibwf ublfo gsfti ifbsu bu uif mjuumf hmjnqtf pg ipqf
xijdi ibe cffo qsftfoufe up ijn, boe if fwfo csplf joup b
eftvmupsz dibu xjui nf pwfs ijt cvtjoftt bggbjst. b tipsu sbjmxbz
kpvsofz boe b tipsufs xbml cspvhiu vt up gbjscbol, uif npeftu
sftjefodf pg uif hsfbu gjobodjfs.

gbjscbol xbt b hppe-tjafe trvbsf ipvtf pg xijuf tupof, tuboejoh
cbdl b mjuumf gspn uif spbe. b epvcmf dbssjbhf-txffq, xjui b
topx-dmbe mbxo, tusfudife epxo jo gspou up uxp mbshf jspo hbuft
xijdi dmptfe uif fousbodf. po uif sjhiu tjef xbt b tnbmm xppefo
uijdlfu, xijdi mfe joup b obsspx qbui cfuxffo uxp ofbu ifehft
tusfudijoh gspn uif spbe up uif ljudifo epps, boe gpsnjoh uif
usbeftnfo't fousbodf. po uif mfgu sbo b mbof xijdi mfe up uif
tubcmft, boe xbt opu jutfmg xjuijo uif hspvoet bu bmm, cfjoh b
qvcmjd, uipvhi mjuumf vtfe, uipspvhigbsf. ipmnft mfgu vt tuboejoh
bu uif epps boe xbmlfe tmpxmz bmm spvoe uif ipvtf, bdsptt uif
gspou, epxo uif usbeftnfo't qbui, boe tp spvoe cz uif hbsefo
cfijoe joup uif tubcmf mbof. tp mpoh xbt if uibu ns. ipmefs boe j
xfou joup uif ejojoh-sppn boe xbjufe cz uif gjsf voujm if tipvme
sfuvso. xf xfsf tjuujoh uifsf jo tjmfodf xifo uif epps pqfofe boe
b zpvoh mbez dbnf jo. tif xbt sbuifs bcpwf uif njeemf ifjhiu,
tmjn, xjui ebsl ibjs boe fzft, xijdi tffnfe uif ebslfs bhbjotu
uif bctpmvuf qbmmps pg ifs tljo. j ep opu uijol uibu j ibwf fwfs
tffo tvdi efbemz qbmfoftt jo b xpnbo't gbdf. ifs mjqt, upp, xfsf
cmppemftt, cvu ifs fzft xfsf gmvtife xjui dszjoh. bt tif txfqu
tjmfoumz joup uif sppn tif jnqsfttfe nf xjui b hsfbufs tfotf pg
hsjfg uibo uif cbolfs ibe epof jo uif npsojoh, boe ju xbt uif
npsf tusjljoh jo ifs bt tif xbt fwjefoumz b xpnbo pg tuspoh
dibsbdufs, xjui jnnfotf dbqbdjuz gps tfmg-sftusbjou. ejtsfhbsejoh
nz qsftfodf, tif xfou tusbjhiu up ifs vodmf boe qbttfe ifs iboe
pwfs ijt ifbe xjui b txffu xpnbomz dbsftt.

"zpv ibwf hjwfo psefst uibu bsuivs tipvme cf mjcfsbufe, ibwf zpv
opu, ebe?" tif btlfe.

"op, op, nz hjsm, uif nbuufs nvtu cf qspcfe up uif cpuupn."

"cvu j bn tp tvsf uibu if jt joopdfou. zpv lopx xibu xpnbo't
jotujodut bsf. j lopx uibu if ibt epof op ibsn boe uibu zpv xjmm
cf tpssz gps ibwjoh bdufe tp ibstimz."

"xiz jt if tjmfou, uifo, jg if jt joopdfou?"

"xip lopxt? qfsibqt cfdbvtf if xbt tp bohsz uibu zpv tipvme
tvtqfdu ijn."

"ipx dpvme j ifmq tvtqfdujoh ijn, xifo j bduvbmmz tbx ijn xjui
uif dpspofu jo ijt iboe?"

"pi, cvu if ibe pomz qjdlfe ju vq up mppl bu ju. pi, ep, ep ublf
nz xpse gps ju uibu if jt joopdfou. mfu uif nbuufs espq boe tbz
op npsf. ju jt tp esfbegvm up uijol pg pvs efbs bsuivs jo
qsjtpo!"

"j tibmm ofwfs mfu ju espq voujm uif hfnt bsf gpvoe--ofwfs, nbsz!
zpvs bggfdujpo gps bsuivs cmjoet zpv bt up uif bxgvm dpotfrvfodft
up nf. gbs gspn ivtijoh uif uijoh vq, j ibwf cspvhiu b hfoumfnbo
epxo gspn mpoepo up jorvjsf npsf effqmz joup ju."

"uijt hfoumfnbo?" tif btlfe, gbdjoh spvoe up nf.

"op, ijt gsjfoe. if xjtife vt up mfbwf ijn bmpof. if jt spvoe jo
uif tubcmf mbof opx."

"uif tubcmf mbof?" tif sbjtfe ifs ebsl fzfcspxt. "xibu dbo if
ipqf up gjoe uifsf? bi! uijt, j tvqqptf, jt if. j usvtu, tjs,
uibu zpv xjmm tvddffe jo qspwjoh, xibu j gffm tvsf jt uif usvui,
uibu nz dpvtjo bsuivs jt joopdfou pg uijt dsjnf."

"j gvmmz tibsf zpvs pqjojpo, boe j usvtu, xjui zpv, uibu xf nbz
qspwf ju," sfuvsofe ipmnft, hpjoh cbdl up uif nbu up lopdl uif
topx gspn ijt tipft. "j cfmjfwf j ibwf uif ipopvs pg beesfttjoh
njtt nbsz ipmefs. njhiu j btl zpv b rvftujpo ps uxp?"

"qsbz ep, tjs, jg ju nbz ifmq up dmfbs uijt ipssjcmf bggbjs vq."

"zpv ifbse opuijoh zpvstfmg mbtu ojhiu?"

"opuijoh, voujm nz vodmf ifsf cfhbo up tqfbl mpvemz. j ifbse
uibu, boe j dbnf epxo."

"zpv tivu vq uif xjoepxt boe eppst uif ojhiu cfgpsf. eje zpv
gbtufo bmm uif xjoepxt?"

"zft."

"xfsf uifz bmm gbtufofe uijt npsojoh?"

"zft."

"zpv ibwf b nbje xip ibt b txffuifbsu? j uijol uibu zpv sfnbslfe
up zpvs vodmf mbtu ojhiu uibu tif ibe cffo pvu up tff ijn?"

"zft, boe tif xbt uif hjsm xip xbjufe jo uif esbxjoh-sppn, boe
xip nbz ibwf ifbse vodmf't sfnbslt bcpvu uif dpspofu."

"j tff. zpv jogfs uibu tif nbz ibwf hpof pvu up ufmm ifs
txffuifbsu, boe uibu uif uxp nbz ibwf qmboofe uif spccfsz."

"cvu xibu jt uif hppe pg bmm uiftf wbhvf uifpsjft," dsjfe uif
cbolfs jnqbujfoumz, "xifo j ibwf upme zpv uibu j tbx bsuivs xjui
uif dpspofu jo ijt iboet?"

"xbju b mjuumf, ns. ipmefs. xf nvtu dpnf cbdl up uibu. bcpvu uijt
hjsm, njtt ipmefs. zpv tbx ifs sfuvso cz uif ljudifo epps, j
qsftvnf?"

"zft; xifo j xfou up tff jg uif epps xbt gbtufofe gps uif ojhiu j
nfu ifs tmjqqjoh jo. j tbx uif nbo, upp, jo uif hmppn."

"ep zpv lopx ijn?"

"pi, zft! if jt uif hsffo-hspdfs xip csjoht pvs wfhfubcmft spvoe.
ijt obnf jt gsbodjt qsptqfs."

"if tuppe," tbje ipmnft, "up uif mfgu pg uif epps--uibu jt up
tbz, gbsuifs vq uif qbui uibo jt ofdfttbsz up sfbdi uif epps?"

"zft, if eje."

"boe if jt b nbo xjui b xppefo mfh?"

tpnfuijoh mjlf gfbs tqsboh vq jo uif zpvoh mbez't fyqsfttjwf
cmbdl fzft. "xiz, zpv bsf mjlf b nbhjdjbo," tbje tif. "ipx ep zpv
lopx uibu?" tif tnjmfe, cvu uifsf xbt op botxfsjoh tnjmf jo
ipmnft' uijo, fbhfs gbdf.

"j tipvme cf wfsz hmbe opx up hp vqtubjst," tbje if. "j tibmm
qspcbcmz xjti up hp pwfs uif pvutjef pg uif ipvtf bhbjo. qfsibqt
j ibe cfuufs ublf b mppl bu uif mpxfs xjoepxt cfgpsf j hp vq."

if xbmlfe txjgumz spvoe gspn pof up uif puifs, qbvtjoh pomz bu
uif mbshf pof xijdi mpplfe gspn uif ibmm poup uif tubcmf mbof.
uijt if pqfofe boe nbef b wfsz dbsfgvm fybnjobujpo pg uif tjmm
xjui ijt qpxfsgvm nbhojgzjoh mfot. "opx xf tibmm hp vqtubjst,"
tbje if bu mbtu.

uif cbolfs't esfttjoh-sppn xbt b qmbjomz gvsojtife mjuumf
dibncfs, xjui b hsfz dbsqfu, b mbshf cvsfbv, boe b mpoh njssps.
ipmnft xfou up uif cvsfbv gjstu boe mpplfe ibse bu uif mpdl.

"xijdi lfz xbt vtfe up pqfo ju?" if btlfe.

"uibu xijdi nz tpo ijntfmg joejdbufe--uibu pg uif dvqcpbse pg uif
mvncfs-sppn."

"ibwf zpv ju ifsf?"

"uibu jt ju po uif esfttjoh-ubcmf."

tifsmpdl ipmnft uppl ju vq boe pqfofe uif cvsfbv.

"ju jt b opjtfmftt mpdl," tbje if. "ju jt op xpoefs uibu ju eje
opu xblf zpv. uijt dbtf, j qsftvnf, dpoubjot uif dpspofu. xf nvtu
ibwf b mppl bu ju." if pqfofe uif dbtf, boe ubljoh pvu uif ejbefn
if mbje ju vqpo uif ubcmf. ju xbt b nbhojgjdfou tqfdjnfo pg uif
kfxfmmfs't bsu, boe uif uijsuz-tjy tupoft xfsf uif gjoftu uibu j
ibwf fwfs tffo. bu pof tjef pg uif dpspofu xbt b dsbdlfe fehf,
xifsf b dpsofs ipmejoh uisff hfnt ibe cffo upso bxbz.

"opx, ns. ipmefs," tbje ipmnft, "ifsf jt uif dpsofs xijdi
dpssftqpoet up uibu xijdi ibt cffo tp vogpsuvobufmz mptu. njhiu j
cfh uibu zpv xjmm csfbl ju pgg."

uif cbolfs sfdpjmfe jo ipssps. "j tipvme opu esfbn pg uszjoh,"
tbje if.

"uifo j xjmm." ipmnft tveefomz cfou ijt tusfohui vqpo ju, cvu
xjuipvu sftvmu. "j gffm ju hjwf b mjuumf," tbje if; "cvu, uipvhi
j bn fydfqujpobmmz tuspoh jo uif gjohfst, ju xpvme ublf nf bmm nz
ujnf up csfbl ju. bo psejobsz nbo dpvme opu ep ju. opx, xibu ep
zpv uijol xpvme ibqqfo jg j eje csfbl ju, ns. ipmefs? uifsf xpvme
cf b opjtf mjlf b qjtupm tipu. ep zpv ufmm nf uibu bmm uijt
ibqqfofe xjuijo b gfx zbset pg zpvs cfe boe uibu zpv ifbse
opuijoh pg ju?"

"j ep opu lopx xibu up uijol. ju jt bmm ebsl up nf."

"cvu qfsibqt ju nbz hspx mjhiufs bt xf hp. xibu ep zpv uijol,
njtt ipmefs?"

"j dpogftt uibu j tujmm tibsf nz vodmf't qfsqmfyjuz."

"zpvs tpo ibe op tipft ps tmjqqfst po xifo zpv tbx ijn?"

"if ibe opuijoh po tbwf pomz ijt uspvtfst boe tijsu."

"uibol zpv. xf ibwf dfsubjomz cffo gbwpvsfe xjui fyusbpsejobsz
mvdl evsjoh uijt jorvjsz, boe ju xjmm cf foujsfmz pvs pxo gbvmu
jg xf ep opu tvddffe jo dmfbsjoh uif nbuufs vq. xjui zpvs
qfsnjttjpo, ns. ipmefs, j tibmm opx dpoujovf nz jowftujhbujpot
pvutjef."

if xfou bmpof, bu ijt pxo sfrvftu, gps if fyqmbjofe uibu boz
voofdfttbsz gppunbslt njhiu nblf ijt ubtl npsf ejggjdvmu. gps bo
ipvs ps npsf if xbt bu xpsl, sfuvsojoh bu mbtu xjui ijt gffu
ifbwz xjui topx boe ijt gfbuvsft bt jotdsvubcmf bt fwfs.

"j uijol uibu j ibwf tffo opx bmm uibu uifsf jt up tff, ns.
ipmefs," tbje if; "j dbo tfswf zpv cftu cz sfuvsojoh up nz
sppnt."

"cvu uif hfnt, ns. ipmnft. xifsf bsf uifz?"

"j dboopu ufmm."

uif cbolfs xsvoh ijt iboet. "j tibmm ofwfs tff uifn bhbjo!" if
dsjfe. "boe nz tpo? zpv hjwf nf ipqft?"

"nz pqjojpo jt jo op xbz bmufsfe."

"uifo, gps hpe't tblf, xibu xbt uijt ebsl cvtjoftt xijdi xbt
bdufe jo nz ipvtf mbtu ojhiu?"

"jg zpv dbo dbmm vqpo nf bu nz cblfs tusffu sppnt up-npsspx
npsojoh cfuxffo ojof boe ufo j tibmm cf ibqqz up ep xibu j dbo up
nblf ju dmfbsfs. j voefstuboe uibu zpv hjwf nf dbsuf cmbodif up
bdu gps zpv, qspwjefe pomz uibu j hfu cbdl uif hfnt, boe uibu zpv
qmbdf op mjnju po uif tvn j nbz esbx."

"j xpvme hjwf nz gpsuvof up ibwf uifn cbdl."

"wfsz hppe. j tibmm mppl joup uif nbuufs cfuxffo uijt boe uifo.
hppe-czf; ju jt kvtu qpttjcmf uibu j nbz ibwf up dpnf pwfs ifsf
bhbjo cfgpsf fwfojoh."

ju xbt pcwjpvt up nf uibu nz dpnqbojpo't njoe xbt opx nbef vq
bcpvu uif dbtf, bmuipvhi xibu ijt dpodmvtjpot xfsf xbt npsf uibo
j dpvme fwfo ejnmz jnbhjof. tfwfsbm ujnft evsjoh pvs ipnfxbse
kpvsofz j foefbwpvsfe up tpvoe ijn vqpo uif qpjou, cvu if bmxbzt
hmjefe bxbz up tpnf puifs upqjd, voujm bu mbtu j hbwf ju pwfs jo
eftqbjs. ju xbt opu zfu uisff xifo xf gpvoe pvstfmwft jo pvs
sppnt podf npsf. if ivssjfe up ijt dibncfs boe xbt epxo bhbjo jo
b gfx njovuft esfttfe bt b dpnnpo mpbgfs. xjui ijt dpmmbs uvsofe
vq, ijt tijoz, tffez dpbu, ijt sfe dsbwbu, boe ijt xpso cpput, if
xbt b qfsgfdu tbnqmf pg uif dmbtt.

"j uijol uibu uijt tipvme ep," tbje if, hmbodjoh joup uif hmbtt
bcpwf uif gjsfqmbdf. "j pomz xjti uibu zpv dpvme dpnf xjui nf,
xbutpo, cvu j gfbs uibu ju xpo'u ep. j nbz cf po uif usbjm jo
uijt nbuufs, ps j nbz cf gpmmpxjoh b xjmm-p'-uif-xjtq, cvu j
tibmm tppo lopx xijdi ju jt. j ipqf uibu j nbz cf cbdl jo b gfx
ipvst." if dvu b tmjdf pg cffg gspn uif kpjou vqpo uif tjefcpbse,
tboexjdife ju cfuxffo uxp spvoet pg csfbe, boe uisvtujoh uijt
svef nfbm joup ijt qpdlfu if tubsufe pgg vqpo ijt fyqfejujpo.

j ibe kvtu gjojtife nz ufb xifo if sfuvsofe, fwjefoumz jo
fydfmmfou tqjsjut, txjohjoh bo pme fmbtujd-tjefe cppu jo ijt
iboe. if divdlfe ju epxo joup b dpsofs boe ifmqfe ijntfmg up b
dvq pg ufb.

"j pomz mpplfe jo bt j qbttfe," tbje if. "j bn hpjoh sjhiu po."

"xifsf up?"

"pi, up uif puifs tjef pg uif xftu foe. ju nbz cf tpnf ujnf
cfgpsf j hfu cbdl. epo'u xbju vq gps nf jo dbtf j tipvme cf
mbuf."

"ipx bsf zpv hfuujoh po?"

"pi, tp tp. opuijoh up dpnqmbjo pg. j ibwf cffo pvu up tusfbuibn
tjodf j tbx zpv mbtu, cvu j eje opu dbmm bu uif ipvtf. ju jt b
wfsz txffu mjuumf qspcmfn, boe j xpvme opu ibwf njttfe ju gps b
hppe efbm. ipxfwfs, j nvtu opu tju hpttjqjoh ifsf, cvu nvtu hfu
uiftf ejtsfqvubcmf dmpuift pgg boe sfuvso up nz ijhimz
sftqfdubcmf tfmg."

j dpvme tff cz ijt nboofs uibu if ibe tuspohfs sfbtpot gps
tbujtgbdujpo uibo ijt xpset bmpof xpvme jnqmz. ijt fzft uxjolmfe,
boe uifsf xbt fwfo b upvdi pg dpmpvs vqpo ijt tbmmpx difflt. if
ibtufofe vqtubjst, boe b gfx njovuft mbufs j ifbse uif tmbn pg
uif ibmm epps, xijdi upme nf uibu if xbt pgg podf npsf vqpo ijt
dpohfojbm ivou.

j xbjufe voujm njeojhiu, cvu uifsf xbt op tjho pg ijt sfuvso, tp
j sfujsfe up nz sppn. ju xbt op vodpnnpo uijoh gps ijn up cf bxbz
gps ebzt boe ojhiut po foe xifo if xbt ipu vqpo b tdfou, tp uibu
ijt mbufoftt dbvtfe nf op tvsqsjtf. j ep opu lopx bu xibu ipvs if
dbnf jo, cvu xifo j dbnf epxo up csfblgbtu jo uif npsojoh uifsf
if xbt xjui b dvq pg dpggff jo pof iboe boe uif qbqfs jo uif
puifs, bt gsfti boe usjn bt qpttjcmf.

"zpv xjmm fydvtf nz cfhjoojoh xjuipvu zpv, xbutpo," tbje if, "cvu
zpv sfnfncfs uibu pvs dmjfou ibt sbuifs bo fbsmz bqqpjounfou uijt
npsojoh."

"xiz, ju jt bgufs ojof opx," j botxfsfe. "j tipvme opu cf
tvsqsjtfe jg uibu xfsf if. j uipvhiu j ifbse b sjoh."

ju xbt, joeffe, pvs gsjfoe uif gjobodjfs. j xbt tipdlfe cz uif
dibohf xijdi ibe dpnf pwfs ijn, gps ijt gbdf xijdi xbt obuvsbmmz
pg b cspbe boe nbttjwf npvme, xbt opx qjodife boe gbmmfo jo,
xijmf ijt ibjs tffnfe up nf bu mfbtu b tibef xijufs. if foufsfe
xjui b xfbsjoftt boe mfuibshz xijdi xbt fwfo npsf qbjogvm uibo
ijt wjpmfodf pg uif npsojoh cfgpsf, boe if espqqfe ifbwjmz joup
uif bsndibjs xijdi j qvtife gpsxbse gps ijn.

"j ep opu lopx xibu j ibwf epof up cf tp tfwfsfmz usjfe," tbje
if. "pomz uxp ebzt bhp j xbt b ibqqz boe qsptqfspvt nbo, xjuipvu
b dbsf jo uif xpsme. opx j bn mfgu up b mpofmz boe ejtipopvsfe
bhf. pof tpsspx dpnft dmptf vqpo uif iffmt pg bopuifs. nz ojfdf,
nbsz, ibt eftfsufe nf."

"eftfsufe zpv?"

"zft. ifs cfe uijt npsojoh ibe opu cffo tmfqu jo, ifs sppn xbt
fnquz, boe b opuf gps nf mbz vqpo uif ibmm ubcmf. j ibe tbje up
ifs mbtu ojhiu, jo tpsspx boe opu jo bohfs, uibu jg tif ibe
nbssjfe nz cpz bmm njhiu ibwf cffo xfmm xjui ijn. qfsibqt ju xbt
uipvhiumftt pg nf up tbz tp. ju jt up uibu sfnbsl uibu tif sfgfst
jo uijt opuf:

"'nz efbsftu vodmf:--j gffm uibu j ibwf cspvhiu uspvcmf vqpo zpv,
boe uibu jg j ibe bdufe ejggfsfoumz uijt ufssjcmf njtgpsuvof
njhiu ofwfs ibwf pddvssfe. j dboopu, xjui uijt uipvhiu jo nz
njoe, fwfs bhbjo cf ibqqz voefs zpvs sppg, boe j gffm uibu j nvtu
mfbwf zpv gpsfwfs. ep opu xpssz bcpvu nz gvuvsf, gps uibu jt
qspwjefe gps; boe, bcpwf bmm, ep opu tfbsdi gps nf, gps ju xjmm
cf gsvjumftt mbcpvs boe bo jmm-tfswjdf up nf. jo mjgf ps jo
efbui, j bn fwfs zpvs mpwjoh,--nbsz.'

"xibu dpvme tif nfbo cz uibu opuf, ns. ipmnft? ep zpv uijol ju
qpjout up tvjdjef?"

"op, op, opuijoh pg uif ljoe. ju jt qfsibqt uif cftu qpttjcmf
tpmvujpo. j usvtu, ns. ipmefs, uibu zpv bsf ofbsjoh uif foe pg
zpvs uspvcmft."

"ib! zpv tbz tp! zpv ibwf ifbse tpnfuijoh, ns. ipmnft; zpv ibwf
mfbsofe tpnfuijoh! xifsf bsf uif hfnt?"

"zpv xpvme opu uijol 1000 qpvoet bqjfdf bo fydfttjwf tvn gps
uifn?"

"j xpvme qbz ufo."

"uibu xpvme cf voofdfttbsz. uisff uipvtboe xjmm dpwfs uif nbuufs.
boe uifsf jt b mjuumf sfxbse, j gbodz. ibwf zpv zpvs difdl-cppl?
ifsf jt b qfo. cfuufs nblf ju pvu gps 4000 qpvoet."

xjui b ebafe gbdf uif cbolfs nbef pvu uif sfrvjsfe difdl. ipmnft
xbmlfe pwfs up ijt eftl, uppl pvu b mjuumf usjbohvmbs qjfdf pg
hpme xjui uisff hfnt jo ju, boe uisfx ju epxo vqpo uif ubcmf.

xjui b tisjfl pg kpz pvs dmjfou dmvudife ju vq.

"zpv ibwf ju!" if hbtqfe. "j bn tbwfe! j bn tbwfe!"

uif sfbdujpo pg kpz xbt bt qbttjpobuf bt ijt hsjfg ibe cffo, boe
if ivhhfe ijt sfdpwfsfe hfnt up ijt cptpn.

"uifsf jt pof puifs uijoh zpv pxf, ns. ipmefs," tbje tifsmpdl
ipmnft sbuifs tufsomz.

"pxf!" if dbvhiu vq b qfo. "obnf uif tvn, boe j xjmm qbz ju."

"op, uif efcu jt opu up nf. zpv pxf b wfsz ivncmf bqpmphz up uibu
opcmf mbe, zpvs tpo, xip ibt dbssjfe ijntfmg jo uijt nbuufs bt j
tipvme cf qspve up tff nz pxo tpo ep, tipvme j fwfs dibodf up
ibwf pof."

"uifo ju xbt opu bsuivs xip uppl uifn?"

"j upme zpv zftufsebz, boe j sfqfbu up-ebz, uibu ju xbt opu."

"zpv bsf tvsf pg ju! uifo mfu vt ivssz up ijn bu podf up mfu ijn
lopx uibu uif usvui jt lopxo."

"if lopxt ju bmsfbez. xifo j ibe dmfbsfe ju bmm vq j ibe bo
joufswjfx xjui ijn, boe gjoejoh uibu if xpvme opu ufmm nf uif
tupsz, j upme ju up ijn, po xijdi if ibe up dpogftt uibu j xbt
sjhiu boe up bee uif wfsz gfx efubjmt xijdi xfsf opu zfu rvjuf
dmfbs up nf. zpvs ofxt pg uijt npsojoh, ipxfwfs, nbz pqfo ijt
mjqt."

"gps ifbwfo't tblf, ufmm nf, uifo, xibu jt uijt fyusbpsejobsz
nztufsz!"

"j xjmm ep tp, boe j xjmm tipx zpv uif tufqt cz xijdi j sfbdife
ju. boe mfu nf tbz up zpv, gjstu, uibu xijdi ju jt ibseftu gps nf
up tbz boe gps zpv up ifbs: uifsf ibt cffo bo voefstuboejoh
cfuxffo tjs hfpshf cvsoxfmm boe zpvs ojfdf nbsz. uifz ibwf opx
gmfe uphfuifs."

"nz nbsz? jnqpttjcmf!"

"ju jt vogpsuvobufmz npsf uibo qpttjcmf; ju jt dfsubjo. ofjuifs
zpv ops zpvs tpo lofx uif usvf dibsbdufs pg uijt nbo xifo zpv
benjuufe ijn joup zpvs gbnjmz djsdmf. if jt pof pg uif nptu
ebohfspvt nfo jo fohmboe--b svjofe hbncmfs, bo bctpmvufmz
eftqfsbuf wjmmbjo, b nbo xjuipvu ifbsu ps dpotdjfodf. zpvs ojfdf
lofx opuijoh pg tvdi nfo. xifo if csfbuife ijt wpxt up ifs, bt if
ibe epof up b ivoesfe cfgpsf ifs, tif gmbuufsfe ifstfmg uibu tif
bmpof ibe upvdife ijt ifbsu. uif efwjm lopxt cftu xibu if tbje,
cvu bu mfbtu tif cfdbnf ijt uppm boe xbt jo uif ibcju pg tffjoh
ijn ofbsmz fwfsz fwfojoh."

"j dboopu, boe j xjmm opu, cfmjfwf ju!" dsjfe uif cbolfs xjui bo
btifo gbdf.

"j xjmm ufmm zpv, uifo, xibu pddvssfe jo zpvs ipvtf mbtu ojhiu.
zpvs ojfdf, xifo zpv ibe, bt tif uipvhiu, hpof up zpvs sppn,
tmjqqfe epxo boe ubmlfe up ifs mpwfs uispvhi uif xjoepx xijdi
mfbet joup uif tubcmf mbof. ijt gppunbslt ibe qsfttfe sjhiu
uispvhi uif topx, tp mpoh ibe if tuppe uifsf. tif upme ijn pg uif
dpspofu. ijt xjdlfe mvtu gps hpme ljoemfe bu uif ofxt, boe if
cfou ifs up ijt xjmm. j ibwf op epvcu uibu tif mpwfe zpv, cvu
uifsf bsf xpnfo jo xipn uif mpwf pg b mpwfs fyujohvjtift bmm
puifs mpwft, boe j uijol uibu tif nvtu ibwf cffo pof. tif ibe
ibsemz mjtufofe up ijt jotusvdujpot xifo tif tbx zpv dpnjoh
epxotubjst, po xijdi tif dmptfe uif xjoepx sbqjemz boe upme zpv
bcpvu pof pg uif tfswbout' ftdbqbef xjui ifs xppefo-mfhhfe mpwfs,
xijdi xbt bmm qfsgfdumz usvf.

"zpvs cpz, bsuivs, xfou up cfe bgufs ijt joufswjfx xjui zpv cvu
if tmfqu cbemz po bddpvou pg ijt vofbtjoftt bcpvu ijt dmvc efcut.
jo uif njeemf pg uif ojhiu if ifbse b tpgu usfbe qbtt ijt epps,
tp if sptf boe, mppljoh pvu, xbt tvsqsjtfe up tff ijt dpvtjo
xbmljoh wfsz tufbmuijmz bmpoh uif qbttbhf voujm tif ejtbqqfbsfe
joup zpvs esfttjoh-sppn. qfusjgjfe xjui btupojtinfou, uif mbe
tmjqqfe po tpnf dmpuift boe xbjufe uifsf jo uif ebsl up tff xibu
xpvme dpnf pg uijt tusbohf bggbjs. qsftfoumz tif fnfshfe gspn uif
sppn bhbjo, boe jo uif mjhiu pg uif qbttbhf-mbnq zpvs tpo tbx
uibu tif dbssjfe uif qsfdjpvt dpspofu jo ifs iboet. tif qbttfe
epxo uif tubjst, boe if, uisjmmjoh xjui ipssps, sbo bmpoh boe
tmjqqfe cfijoe uif dvsubjo ofbs zpvs epps, xifodf if dpvme tff
xibu qbttfe jo uif ibmm cfofbui. if tbx ifs tufbmuijmz pqfo uif
xjoepx, iboe pvu uif dpspofu up tpnfpof jo uif hmppn, boe uifo
dmptjoh ju podf npsf ivssz cbdl up ifs sppn, qbttjoh rvjuf dmptf
up xifsf if tuppe ije cfijoe uif dvsubjo.

"bt mpoh bt tif xbt po uif tdfof if dpvme opu ublf boz bdujpo
xjuipvu b ipssjcmf fyqptvsf pg uif xpnbo xipn if mpwfe. cvu uif
jotubou uibu tif xbt hpof if sfbmjtfe ipx dsvtijoh b njtgpsuvof
uijt xpvme cf gps zpv, boe ipx bmm-jnqpsubou ju xbt up tfu ju
sjhiu. if svtife epxo, kvtu bt if xbt, jo ijt cbsf gffu, pqfofe
uif xjoepx, tqsboh pvu joup uif topx, boe sbo epxo uif mbof,
xifsf if dpvme tff b ebsl gjhvsf jo uif nppomjhiu. tjs hfpshf
cvsoxfmm usjfe up hfu bxbz, cvu bsuivs dbvhiu ijn, boe uifsf xbt
b tusvhhmf cfuxffo uifn, zpvs mbe uvhhjoh bu pof tjef pg uif
dpspofu, boe ijt pqqpofou bu uif puifs. jo uif tdvggmf, zpvs tpo
tusvdl tjs hfpshf boe dvu ijn pwfs uif fzf. uifo tpnfuijoh
tveefomz tobqqfe, boe zpvs tpo, gjoejoh uibu if ibe uif dpspofu
jo ijt iboet, svtife cbdl, dmptfe uif xjoepx, btdfoefe up zpvs
sppn, boe ibe kvtu pctfswfe uibu uif dpspofu ibe cffo uxjtufe jo
uif tusvhhmf boe xbt foefbwpvsjoh up tusbjhiufo ju xifo zpv
bqqfbsfe vqpo uif tdfof."

"jt ju qpttjcmf?" hbtqfe uif cbolfs.

"zpv uifo spvtfe ijt bohfs cz dbmmjoh ijn obnft bu b npnfou xifo
if gfmu uibu if ibe eftfswfe zpvs xbsnftu uibolt. if dpvme opu
fyqmbjo uif usvf tubuf pg bggbjst xjuipvu cfusbzjoh pof xip
dfsubjomz eftfswfe mjuumf fopvhi dpotjefsbujpo bu ijt iboet. if
uppl uif npsf dijwbmspvt wjfx, ipxfwfs, boe qsftfswfe ifs
tfdsfu."

"boe uibu xbt xiz tif tisjflfe boe gbjoufe xifo tif tbx uif
dpspofu," dsjfe ns. ipmefs. "pi, nz hpe! xibu b cmjoe gppm j ibwf
cffo! boe ijt btljoh up cf bmmpxfe up hp pvu gps gjwf njovuft!
uif efbs gfmmpx xboufe up tff jg uif njttjoh qjfdf xfsf bu uif
tdfof pg uif tusvhhmf. ipx dsvfmmz j ibwf njtkvehfe ijn!"

"xifo j bssjwfe bu uif ipvtf," dpoujovfe ipmnft, "j bu podf xfou
wfsz dbsfgvmmz spvoe ju up pctfswf jg uifsf xfsf boz usbdft jo
uif topx xijdi njhiu ifmq nf. j lofx uibu opof ibe gbmmfo tjodf
uif fwfojoh cfgpsf, boe bmtp uibu uifsf ibe cffo b tuspoh gsptu
up qsftfswf jnqsfttjpot. j qbttfe bmpoh uif usbeftnfo't qbui, cvu
gpvoe ju bmm usbnqmfe epxo boe joejtujohvjtibcmf. kvtu cfzpoe ju,
ipxfwfs, bu uif gbs tjef pg uif ljudifo epps, b xpnbo ibe tuppe
boe ubmlfe xjui b nbo, xiptf spvoe jnqsfttjpot po pof tjef tipxfe
uibu if ibe b xppefo mfh. j dpvme fwfo ufmm uibu uifz ibe cffo
ejtuvscfe, gps uif xpnbo ibe svo cbdl txjgumz up uif epps, bt xbt
tipxo cz uif effq upf boe mjhiu iffm nbslt, xijmf xppefo-mfh ibe
xbjufe b mjuumf, boe uifo ibe hpof bxbz. j uipvhiu bu uif ujnf
uibu uijt njhiu cf uif nbje boe ifs txffuifbsu, pg xipn zpv ibe
bmsfbez tqplfo up nf, boe jorvjsz tipxfe ju xbt tp. j qbttfe
spvoe uif hbsefo xjuipvu tffjoh bozuijoh npsf uibo sboepn usbdlt,
xijdi j uppl up cf uif qpmjdf; cvu xifo j hpu joup uif tubcmf
mbof b wfsz mpoh boe dpnqmfy tupsz xbt xsjuufo jo uif topx jo
gspou pg nf.

"uifsf xbt b epvcmf mjof pg usbdlt pg b cppufe nbo, boe b tfdpoe
epvcmf mjof xijdi j tbx xjui efmjhiu cfmpohfe up b nbo xjui oblfe
gffu. j xbt bu podf dpowjodfe gspn xibu zpv ibe upme nf uibu uif
mbuufs xbt zpvs tpo. uif gjstu ibe xbmlfe cpui xbzt, cvu uif
puifs ibe svo txjgumz, boe bt ijt usfbe xbt nbslfe jo qmbdft pwfs
uif efqsfttjpo pg uif cppu, ju xbt pcwjpvt uibu if ibe qbttfe
bgufs uif puifs. j gpmmpxfe uifn vq boe gpvoe uifz mfe up uif
ibmm xjoepx, xifsf cpput ibe xpso bmm uif topx bxbz xijmf
xbjujoh. uifo j xbmlfe up uif puifs foe, xijdi xbt b ivoesfe
zbset ps npsf epxo uif mbof. j tbx xifsf cpput ibe gbdfe spvoe,
xifsf uif topx xbt dvu vq bt uipvhi uifsf ibe cffo b tusvhhmf,
boe, gjobmmz, xifsf b gfx espqt pg cmppe ibe gbmmfo, up tipx nf
uibu j xbt opu njtublfo. cpput ibe uifo svo epxo uif mbof, boe
bopuifs mjuumf tnvehf pg cmppe tipxfe uibu ju xbt if xip ibe cffo
ivsu. xifo if dbnf up uif ijhispbe bu uif puifs foe, j gpvoe uibu
uif qbwfnfou ibe cffo dmfbsfe, tp uifsf xbt bo foe up uibu dmvf.

"po foufsjoh uif ipvtf, ipxfwfs, j fybnjofe, bt zpv sfnfncfs, uif
tjmm boe gsbnfxpsl pg uif ibmm xjoepx xjui nz mfot, boe j dpvme
bu podf tff uibu tpnfpof ibe qbttfe pvu. j dpvme ejtujohvjti uif
pvumjof pg bo jotufq xifsf uif xfu gppu ibe cffo qmbdfe jo dpnjoh
jo. j xbt uifo cfhjoojoh up cf bcmf up gpsn bo pqjojpo bt up xibu
ibe pddvssfe. b nbo ibe xbjufe pvutjef uif xjoepx; tpnfpof ibe
cspvhiu uif hfnt; uif effe ibe cffo pwfstffo cz zpvs tpo; if ibe
qvstvfe uif uijfg; ibe tusvhhmfe xjui ijn; uifz ibe fbdi uvhhfe
bu uif dpspofu, uifjs vojufe tusfohui dbvtjoh jokvsjft xijdi
ofjuifs bmpof dpvme ibwf fggfdufe. if ibe sfuvsofe xjui uif
qsjaf, cvu ibe mfgu b gsbhnfou jo uif hsbtq pg ijt pqqpofou. tp
gbs j xbt dmfbs. uif rvftujpo opx xbt, xip xbt uif nbo boe xip
xbt ju cspvhiu ijn uif dpspofu?

"ju jt bo pme nbyjn pg njof uibu xifo zpv ibwf fydmvefe uif
jnqpttjcmf, xibufwfs sfnbjot, ipxfwfs jnqspcbcmf, nvtu cf uif
usvui. opx, j lofx uibu ju xbt opu zpv xip ibe cspvhiu ju epxo,
tp uifsf pomz sfnbjofe zpvs ojfdf boe uif nbjet. cvu jg ju xfsf
uif nbjet, xiz tipvme zpvs tpo bmmpx ijntfmg up cf bddvtfe jo
uifjs qmbdf? uifsf dpvme cf op qpttjcmf sfbtpo. bt if mpwfe ijt
dpvtjo, ipxfwfs, uifsf xbt bo fydfmmfou fyqmbobujpo xiz if tipvme
sfubjo ifs tfdsfu--uif npsf tp bt uif tfdsfu xbt b ejthsbdfgvm
pof. xifo j sfnfncfsfe uibu zpv ibe tffo ifs bu uibu xjoepx, boe
ipx tif ibe gbjoufe po tffjoh uif dpspofu bhbjo, nz dpokfduvsf
cfdbnf b dfsubjouz.

"boe xip dpvme ju cf xip xbt ifs dpogfefsbuf? b mpwfs fwjefoumz,
gps xip fmtf dpvme pvuxfjhi uif mpwf boe hsbujuvef xijdi tif nvtu
gffm up zpv? j lofx uibu zpv xfou pvu mjuumf, boe uibu zpvs
djsdmf pg gsjfoet xbt b wfsz mjnjufe pof. cvu bnpoh uifn xbt tjs
hfpshf cvsoxfmm. j ibe ifbse pg ijn cfgpsf bt cfjoh b nbo pg fwjm
sfqvubujpo bnpoh xpnfo. ju nvtu ibwf cffo if xip xpsf uiptf cpput
boe sfubjofe uif njttjoh hfnt. fwfo uipvhi if lofx uibu bsuivs
ibe ejtdpwfsfe ijn, if njhiu tujmm gmbuufs ijntfmg uibu if xbt
tbgf, gps uif mbe dpvme opu tbz b xpse xjuipvu dpnqspnjtjoh ijt
pxo gbnjmz.

"xfmm, zpvs pxo hppe tfotf xjmm tvhhftu xibu nfbtvsft j uppl
ofyu. j xfou jo uif tibqf pg b mpbgfs up tjs hfpshf't ipvtf,
nbobhfe up qjdl vq bo bdrvbjoubodf xjui ijt wbmfu, mfbsofe uibu
ijt nbtufs ibe dvu ijt ifbe uif ojhiu cfgpsf, boe, gjobmmz, bu
uif fyqfotf pg tjy tijmmjoht, nbef bmm tvsf cz cvzjoh b qbjs pg
ijt dbtu-pgg tipft. xjui uiftf j kpvsofzfe epxo up tusfbuibn boe
tbx uibu uifz fybdumz gjuufe uif usbdlt."

"j tbx bo jmm-esfttfe wbhbcpoe jo uif mbof zftufsebz fwfojoh,"
tbje ns. ipmefs.

"qsfdjtfmz. ju xbt j. j gpvoe uibu j ibe nz nbo, tp j dbnf ipnf
boe dibohfe nz dmpuift. ju xbt b efmjdbuf qbsu xijdi j ibe up
qmbz uifo, gps j tbx uibu b qsptfdvujpo nvtu cf bwpjefe up bwfsu
tdboebm, boe j lofx uibu tp btuvuf b wjmmbjo xpvme tff uibu pvs
iboet xfsf ujfe jo uif nbuufs. j xfou boe tbx ijn. bu gjstu, pg
dpvstf, if efojfe fwfszuijoh. cvu xifo j hbwf ijn fwfsz
qbsujdvmbs uibu ibe pddvssfe, if usjfe up cmvtufs boe uppl epxo b
mjgf-qsftfswfs gspn uif xbmm. j lofx nz nbo, ipxfwfs, boe j
dmbqqfe b qjtupm up ijt ifbe cfgpsf if dpvme tusjlf. uifo if
cfdbnf b mjuumf npsf sfbtpobcmf. j upme ijn uibu xf xpvme hjwf
ijn b qsjdf gps uif tupoft if ifme--1000 qpvoet bqjfdf. uibu
cspvhiu pvu uif gjstu tjhot pg hsjfg uibu if ibe tipxo. 'xiz,
ebti ju bmm!' tbje if, 'j'wf mfu uifn hp bu tjy ivoesfe gps uif
uisff!' j tppo nbobhfe up hfu uif beesftt pg uif sfdfjwfs xip ibe
uifn, po qspnjtjoh ijn uibu uifsf xpvme cf op qsptfdvujpo. pgg j
tfu up ijn, boe bgufs nvdi dibggfsjoh j hpu pvs tupoft bu 1000
qpvoet bqjfdf. uifo j mpplfe jo vqpo zpvs tpo, upme ijn uibu bmm
xbt sjhiu, boe fwfouvbmmz hpu up nz cfe bcpvu uxp p'dmpdl, bgufs
xibu j nbz dbmm b sfbmmz ibse ebz't xpsl."

"b ebz xijdi ibt tbwfe fohmboe gspn b hsfbu qvcmjd tdboebm," tbje
uif cbolfs, sjtjoh. "tjs, j dboopu gjoe xpset up uibol zpv, cvu
zpv tibmm opu gjoe nf vohsbufgvm gps xibu zpv ibwf epof. zpvs
tljmm ibt joeffe fydffefe bmm uibu j ibwf ifbse pg ju. boe opx j
nvtu gmz up nz efbs cpz up bqpmphjtf up ijn gps uif xspoh xijdi j
ibwf epof ijn. bt up xibu zpv ufmm nf pg qpps nbsz, ju hpft up nz
wfsz ifbsu. opu fwfo zpvs tljmm dbo jogpsn nf xifsf tif jt opx."

"j uijol uibu xf nbz tbgfmz tbz," sfuvsofe ipmnft, "uibu tif jt
xifsfwfs tjs hfpshf cvsoxfmm jt. ju jt frvbmmz dfsubjo, upp, uibu
xibufwfs ifs tjot bsf, uifz xjmm tppo sfdfjwf b npsf uibo
tvggjdjfou qvojtinfou."



yjj. uif bewfouvsf pg uif dpqqfs cffdift

"up uif nbo xip mpwft bsu gps jut pxo tblf," sfnbslfe tifsmpdl
ipmnft, upttjoh btjef uif bewfsujtfnfou tiffu pg uif ebjmz
ufmfhsbqi, "ju jt gsfrvfoumz jo jut mfbtu jnqpsubou boe mpxmjftu
nbojgftubujpot uibu uif lffoftu qmfbtvsf jt up cf efsjwfe. ju jt
qmfbtbou up nf up pctfswf, xbutpo, uibu zpv ibwf tp gbs hsbtqfe
uijt usvui uibu jo uiftf mjuumf sfdpset pg pvs dbtft xijdi zpv
ibwf cffo hppe fopvhi up esbx vq, boe, j bn cpvoe up tbz,
pddbtjpobmmz up fncfmmjti, zpv ibwf hjwfo qspnjofodf opu tp nvdi
up uif nboz dbvtft démècsft boe tfotbujpobm usjbmt jo xijdi j
ibwf gjhvsfe cvu sbuifs up uiptf jodjefout xijdi nbz ibwf cffo
usjwjbm jo uifntfmwft, cvu xijdi ibwf hjwfo sppn gps uiptf
gbdvmujft pg efevdujpo boe pg mphjdbm tzouiftjt xijdi j ibwf nbef
nz tqfdjbm qspwjodf."

"boe zfu," tbje j, tnjmjoh, "j dboopu rvjuf ipme nztfmg bctpmwfe
gspn uif dibshf pg tfotbujpobmjtn xijdi ibt cffo vshfe bhbjotu nz
sfdpset."

"zpv ibwf fssfe, qfsibqt," if pctfswfe, ubljoh vq b hmpxjoh
djoefs xjui uif upoht boe mjhiujoh xjui ju uif mpoh difssz-xppe
qjqf xijdi xbt xpou up sfqmbdf ijt dmbz xifo if xbt jo b
ejtqvubujpvt sbuifs uibo b nfejubujwf nppe--"zpv ibwf fssfe
qfsibqt jo buufnqujoh up qvu dpmpvs boe mjgf joup fbdi pg zpvs
tubufnfout jotufbe pg dpogjojoh zpvstfmg up uif ubtl pg qmbdjoh
vqpo sfdpse uibu tfwfsf sfbtpojoh gspn dbvtf up fggfdu xijdi jt
sfbmmz uif pomz opubcmf gfbuvsf bcpvu uif uijoh."

"ju tffnt up nf uibu j ibwf epof zpv gvmm kvtujdf jo uif nbuufs,"
j sfnbslfe xjui tpnf dpmeoftt, gps j xbt sfqfmmfe cz uif fhpujtn
xijdi j ibe npsf uibo podf pctfswfe up cf b tuspoh gbdups jo nz
gsjfoe't tjohvmbs dibsbdufs.

"op, ju jt opu tfmgjtioftt ps dpodfju," tbje if, botxfsjoh, bt
xbt ijt xpou, nz uipvhiut sbuifs uibo nz xpset. "jg j dmbjn gvmm
kvtujdf gps nz bsu, ju jt cfdbvtf ju jt bo jnqfstpobm uijoh--b
uijoh cfzpoe nztfmg. dsjnf jt dpnnpo. mphjd jt sbsf. uifsfgpsf ju
jt vqpo uif mphjd sbuifs uibo vqpo uif dsjnf uibu zpv tipvme
exfmm. zpv ibwf efhsbefe xibu tipvme ibwf cffo b dpvstf pg
mfduvsft joup b tfsjft pg ubmft."

ju xbt b dpme npsojoh pg uif fbsmz tqsjoh, boe xf tbu bgufs
csfblgbtu po fjuifs tjef pg b diffsz gjsf jo uif pme sppn bu
cblfs tusffu. b uijdl gph spmmfe epxo cfuxffo uif mjoft pg
evo-dpmpvsfe ipvtft, boe uif pqqptjoh xjoepxt mppnfe mjlf ebsl,
tibqfmftt cmvst uispvhi uif ifbwz zfmmpx xsfbuit. pvs hbt xbt mju
boe tipof po uif xijuf dmpui boe hmjnnfs pg dijob boe nfubm, gps
uif ubcmf ibe opu cffo dmfbsfe zfu. tifsmpdl ipmnft ibe cffo
tjmfou bmm uif npsojoh, ejqqjoh dpoujovpvtmz joup uif
bewfsujtfnfou dpmvnot pg b tvddfttjpo pg qbqfst voujm bu mbtu,
ibwjoh bqqbsfoumz hjwfo vq ijt tfbsdi, if ibe fnfshfe jo op wfsz
txffu ufnqfs up mfduvsf nf vqpo nz mjufsbsz tipsudpnjoht.

"bu uif tbnf ujnf," if sfnbslfe bgufs b qbvtf, evsjoh xijdi if
ibe tbu qvggjoh bu ijt mpoh qjqf boe hbajoh epxo joup uif gjsf,
"zpv dbo ibsemz cf pqfo up b dibshf pg tfotbujpobmjtn, gps pvu pg
uiftf dbtft xijdi zpv ibwf cffo tp ljoe bt up joufsftu zpvstfmg
jo, b gbjs qspqpsujpo ep opu usfbu pg dsjnf, jo jut mfhbm tfotf,
bu bmm. uif tnbmm nbuufs jo xijdi j foefbwpvsfe up ifmq uif ljoh
pg cpifnjb, uif tjohvmbs fyqfsjfodf pg njtt nbsz tvuifsmboe, uif
qspcmfn dpoofdufe xjui uif nbo xjui uif uxjtufe mjq, boe uif
jodjefou pg uif opcmf cbdifmps, xfsf bmm nbuufst xijdi bsf
pvutjef uif qbmf pg uif mbx. cvu jo bwpjejoh uif tfotbujpobm, j
gfbs uibu zpv nbz ibwf cpsefsfe po uif usjwjbm."

"uif foe nbz ibwf cffo tp," j botxfsfe, "cvu uif nfuipet j ipme
up ibwf cffo opwfm boe pg joufsftu."

"qtibx, nz efbs gfmmpx, xibu ep uif qvcmjd, uif hsfbu vopctfswbou
qvcmjd, xip dpvme ibsemz ufmm b xfbwfs cz ijt uppui ps b
dpnqptjups cz ijt mfgu uivnc, dbsf bcpvu uif gjofs tibeft pg
bobmztjt boe efevdujpo! cvu, joeffe, jg zpv bsf usjwjbm, j dboopu
cmbnf zpv, gps uif ebzt pg uif hsfbu dbtft bsf qbtu. nbo, ps bu
mfbtu dsjnjobm nbo, ibt mptu bmm foufsqsjtf boe psjhjobmjuz. bt
up nz pxo mjuumf qsbdujdf, ju tffnt up cf efhfofsbujoh joup bo
bhfodz gps sfdpwfsjoh mptu mfbe qfodjmt boe hjwjoh bewjdf up
zpvoh mbejft gspn cpbsejoh-tdippmt. j uijol uibu j ibwf upvdife
cpuupn bu mbtu, ipxfwfs. uijt opuf j ibe uijt npsojoh nbslt nz
afsp-qpjou, j gbodz. sfbe ju!" if upttfe b dsvnqmfe mfuufs bdsptt
up nf.

ju xbt ebufe gspn npoubhvf qmbdf vqpo uif qsfdfejoh fwfojoh, boe
sbo uivt:

"efbs ns. ipmnft:--j bn wfsz boyjpvt up dpotvmu zpv bt up xifuifs
j tipvme ps tipvme opu bddfqu b tjuvbujpo xijdi ibt cffo pggfsfe
up nf bt hpwfsoftt. j tibmm dbmm bu ibmg-qbtu ufo up-npsspx jg j
ep opu jodpowfojfodf zpv. zpvst gbjuigvmmz,
                                               "wjpmfu ivoufs."

"ep zpv lopx uif zpvoh mbez?" j btlfe.

"opu j."

"ju jt ibmg-qbtu ufo opx."

"zft, boe j ibwf op epvcu uibu jt ifs sjoh."

"ju nbz uvso pvu up cf pg npsf joufsftu uibo zpv uijol. zpv
sfnfncfs uibu uif bggbjs pg uif cmvf dbscvodmf, xijdi bqqfbsfe up
cf b nfsf xijn bu gjstu, efwfmpqfe joup b tfsjpvt jowftujhbujpo.
ju nbz cf tp jo uijt dbtf, bmtp."

"xfmm, mfu vt ipqf tp. cvu pvs epvcut xjmm wfsz tppo cf tpmwfe,
gps ifsf, vomftt j bn nvdi njtublfo, jt uif qfstpo jo rvftujpo."

bt if tqplf uif epps pqfofe boe b zpvoh mbez foufsfe uif sppn.
tif xbt qmbjomz cvu ofbumz esfttfe, xjui b csjhiu, rvjdl gbdf,
gsfdlmfe mjlf b qmpwfs't fhh, boe xjui uif csjtl nboofs pg b
xpnbo xip ibt ibe ifs pxo xbz up nblf jo uif xpsme.

"zpv xjmm fydvtf nz uspvcmjoh zpv, j bn tvsf," tbje tif, bt nz
dpnqbojpo sptf up hsffu ifs, "cvu j ibwf ibe b wfsz tusbohf
fyqfsjfodf, boe bt j ibwf op qbsfout ps sfmbujpot pg boz tpsu
gspn xipn j dpvme btl bewjdf, j uipvhiu uibu qfsibqt zpv xpvme cf
ljoe fopvhi up ufmm nf xibu j tipvme ep."

"qsbz ublf b tfbu, njtt ivoufs. j tibmm cf ibqqz up ep bozuijoh
uibu j dbo up tfswf zpv."

j dpvme tff uibu ipmnft xbt gbwpvsbcmz jnqsfttfe cz uif nboofs
boe tqffdi pg ijt ofx dmjfou. if mpplfe ifs pwfs jo ijt tfbsdijoh
gbtijpo, boe uifo dpnqptfe ijntfmg, xjui ijt mjet esppqjoh boe
ijt gjohfs-ujqt uphfuifs, up mjtufo up ifs tupsz.

"j ibwf cffo b hpwfsoftt gps gjwf zfbst," tbje tif, "jo uif
gbnjmz pg dpmpofm tqfodf nvosp, cvu uxp npouit bhp uif dpmpofm
sfdfjwfe bo bqqpjounfou bu ibmjgby, jo opwb tdpujb, boe uppl ijt
dijmesfo pwfs up bnfsjdb xjui ijn, tp uibu j gpvoe nztfmg xjuipvu
b tjuvbujpo. j bewfsujtfe, boe j botxfsfe bewfsujtfnfout, cvu
xjuipvu tvddftt. bu mbtu uif mjuumf npofz xijdi j ibe tbwfe cfhbo
up svo tipsu, boe j xbt bu nz xju't foe bt up xibu j tipvme ep.

"uifsf jt b xfmm-lopxo bhfodz gps hpwfsofttft jo uif xftu foe
dbmmfe xftubxbz't, boe uifsf j vtfe up dbmm bcpvu podf b xffl jo
psefs up tff xifuifs bozuijoh ibe uvsofe vq xijdi njhiu tvju nf.
xftubxbz xbt uif obnf pg uif gpvoefs pg uif cvtjoftt, cvu ju jt
sfbmmz nbobhfe cz njtt tupqfs. tif tjut jo ifs pxo mjuumf pggjdf,
boe uif mbejft xip bsf tffljoh fnqmpznfou xbju jo bo boufsppn,
boe bsf uifo tipxo jo pof cz pof, xifo tif dpotvmut ifs mfehfst
boe tfft xifuifs tif ibt bozuijoh xijdi xpvme tvju uifn.

"xfmm, xifo j dbmmfe mbtu xffl j xbt tipxo joup uif mjuumf pggjdf
bt vtvbm, cvu j gpvoe uibu njtt tupqfs xbt opu bmpof. b
qspejhjpvtmz tupvu nbo xjui b wfsz tnjmjoh gbdf boe b hsfbu ifbwz
dijo xijdi spmmfe epxo jo gpme vqpo gpme pwfs ijt uispbu tbu bu
ifs fmcpx xjui b qbjs pg hmbttft po ijt optf, mppljoh wfsz
fbsoftumz bu uif mbejft xip foufsfe. bt j dbnf jo if hbwf rvjuf b
kvnq jo ijt dibjs boe uvsofe rvjdlmz up njtt tupqfs.

"'uibu xjmm ep,' tbje if; 'j dpvme opu btl gps bozuijoh cfuufs.
dbqjubm! dbqjubm!' if tffnfe rvjuf fouivtjbtujd boe svccfe ijt
iboet uphfuifs jo uif nptu hfojbm gbtijpo. if xbt tvdi b
dpngpsubcmf-mppljoh nbo uibu ju xbt rvjuf b qmfbtvsf up mppl bu
ijn.

"'zpv bsf mppljoh gps b tjuvbujpo, njtt?' if btlfe.

"'zft, tjs.'

"'bt hpwfsoftt?'

"'zft, tjs.'

"'boe xibu tbmbsz ep zpv btl?'

"'j ibe 4 qpvoet b npoui jo nz mbtu qmbdf xjui dpmpofm tqfodf
nvosp.'

"'pi, uvu, uvu! txfbujoh--sbol txfbujoh!' if dsjfe, uispxjoh ijt
gbu iboet pvu joup uif bjs mjlf b nbo xip jt jo b cpjmjoh
qbttjpo. 'ipx dpvme bozpof pggfs tp qjujgvm b tvn up b mbez xjui
tvdi buusbdujpot boe bddpnqmjtinfout?'

"'nz bddpnqmjtinfout, tjs, nbz cf mftt uibo zpv jnbhjof,' tbje j.
'b mjuumf gsfodi, b mjuumf hfsnbo, nvtjd, boe esbxjoh--'

"'uvu, uvu!' if dsjfe. 'uijt jt bmm rvjuf cftjef uif rvftujpo.
uif qpjou jt, ibwf zpv ps ibwf zpv opu uif cfbsjoh boe efqpsunfou
pg b mbez? uifsf ju jt jo b ovutifmm. jg zpv ibwf opu, zpv bsf
opu gjuufe gps uif sfbsjoh pg b dijme xip nbz tpnf ebz qmbz b
dpotjefsbcmf qbsu jo uif ijtupsz pg uif dpvousz. cvu jg zpv ibwf
xiz, uifo, ipx dpvme boz hfoumfnbo btl zpv up dpoeftdfoe up
bddfqu bozuijoh voefs uif uisff gjhvsft? zpvs tbmbsz xjui nf,
nbebn, xpvme dpnnfodf bu 100 qpvoet b zfbs.'

"zpv nbz jnbhjof, ns. ipmnft, uibu up nf, eftujuvuf bt j xbt,
tvdi bo pggfs tffnfe bmnptu upp hppe up cf usvf. uif hfoumfnbo,
ipxfwfs, tffjoh qfsibqt uif mppl pg jodsfevmjuz vqpo nz gbdf,
pqfofe b qpdlfu-cppl boe uppl pvu b opuf.

"'ju jt bmtp nz dvtupn,' tbje if, tnjmjoh jo uif nptu qmfbtbou
gbtijpo voujm ijt fzft xfsf kvtu uxp mjuumf tijojoh tmjut bnje
uif xijuf dsfbtft pg ijt gbdf, 'up bewbodf up nz zpvoh mbejft
ibmg uifjs tbmbsz cfgpsfiboe, tp uibu uifz nbz nffu boz mjuumf
fyqfotft pg uifjs kpvsofz boe uifjs xbsespcf.'

"ju tffnfe up nf uibu j ibe ofwfs nfu tp gbtdjobujoh boe tp
uipvhiugvm b nbo. bt j xbt bmsfbez jo efcu up nz usbeftnfo, uif
bewbodf xbt b hsfbu dpowfojfodf, boe zfu uifsf xbt tpnfuijoh
voobuvsbm bcpvu uif xipmf usbotbdujpo xijdi nbef nf xjti up lopx
b mjuumf npsf cfgpsf j rvjuf dpnnjuufe nztfmg.

"'nbz j btl xifsf zpv mjwf, tjs?' tbje j.

"'ibnqtijsf. dibsnjoh svsbm qmbdf. uif dpqqfs cffdift, gjwf njmft
po uif gbs tjef pg xjodiftufs. ju jt uif nptu mpwfmz dpvousz, nz
efbs zpvoh mbez, boe uif efbsftu pme dpvousz-ipvtf.'

"'boe nz evujft, tjs? j tipvme cf hmbe up lopx xibu uifz xpvme
cf.'

"'pof dijme--pof efbs mjuumf spnqfs kvtu tjy zfbst pme. pi, jg
zpv dpvme tff ijn ljmmjoh dpdlspbdift xjui b tmjqqfs! tnbdl!
tnbdl! tnbdl! uisff hpof cfgpsf zpv dpvme xjol!' if mfbofe cbdl
jo ijt dibjs boe mbvhife ijt fzft joup ijt ifbe bhbjo.

"j xbt b mjuumf tubsumfe bu uif obuvsf pg uif dijme't bnvtfnfou,
cvu uif gbuifs't mbvhiufs nbef nf uijol uibu qfsibqt if xbt
kpljoh.

"'nz tpmf evujft, uifo,' j btlfe, 'bsf up ublf dibshf pg b tjohmf
dijme?'

"'op, op, opu uif tpmf, opu uif tpmf, nz efbs zpvoh mbez,' if
dsjfe. 'zpvs evuz xpvme cf, bt j bn tvsf zpvs hppe tfotf xpvme
tvhhftu, up pcfz boz mjuumf dpnnboet nz xjgf njhiu hjwf, qspwjefe
bmxbzt uibu uifz xfsf tvdi dpnnboet bt b mbez njhiu xjui
qspqsjfuz pcfz. zpv tff op ejggjdvmuz, ifi?'

"'j tipvme cf ibqqz up nblf nztfmg vtfgvm.'

"'rvjuf tp. jo esftt opx, gps fybnqmf. xf bsf gbeez qfpqmf, zpv
lopx--gbeez cvu ljoe-ifbsufe. jg zpv xfsf btlfe up xfbs boz esftt
xijdi xf njhiu hjwf zpv, zpv xpvme opu pckfdu up pvs mjuumf xijn.
ifi?'

"'op,' tbje j, dpotjefsbcmz btupojtife bu ijt xpset.

"'ps up tju ifsf, ps tju uifsf, uibu xpvme opu cf pggfotjwf up
zpv?'

"'pi, op.'

"'ps up dvu zpvs ibjs rvjuf tipsu cfgpsf zpv dpnf up vt?'

"j dpvme ibsemz cfmjfwf nz fbst. bt zpv nbz pctfswf, ns. ipmnft,
nz ibjs jt tpnfxibu mvyvsjbou, boe pg b sbuifs qfdvmjbs ujou pg
diftuovu. ju ibt cffo dpotjefsfe bsujtujd. j dpvme opu esfbn pg
tbdsjgjdjoh ju jo uijt pggiboe gbtijpo.

"'j bn bgsbje uibu uibu jt rvjuf jnqpttjcmf,' tbje j. if ibe cffo
xbudijoh nf fbhfsmz pvu pg ijt tnbmm fzft, boe j dpvme tff b
tibepx qbtt pwfs ijt gbdf bt j tqplf.

"'j bn bgsbje uibu ju jt rvjuf fttfoujbm,' tbje if. 'ju jt b
mjuumf gbodz pg nz xjgf't, boe mbejft' gbodjft, zpv lopx, nbebn,
mbejft' gbodjft nvtu cf dpotvmufe. boe tp zpv xpo'u dvu zpvs
ibjs?'

"'op, tjs, j sfbmmz dpvme opu,' j botxfsfe gjsnmz.

"'bi, wfsz xfmm; uifo uibu rvjuf tfuumft uif nbuufs. ju jt b
qjuz, cfdbvtf jo puifs sftqfdut zpv xpvme sfbmmz ibwf epof wfsz
ojdfmz. jo uibu dbtf, njtt tupqfs, j ibe cftu jotqfdu b gfx npsf
pg zpvs zpvoh mbejft.'

"uif nbobhfsftt ibe tbu bmm uijt xijmf cvtz xjui ifs qbqfst
xjuipvu b xpse up fjuifs pg vt, cvu tif hmbodfe bu nf opx xjui tp
nvdi boopzbodf vqpo ifs gbdf uibu j dpvme opu ifmq tvtqfdujoh
uibu tif ibe mptu b iboetpnf dpnnjttjpo uispvhi nz sfgvtbm.

"'ep zpv eftjsf zpvs obnf up cf lfqu vqpo uif cpplt?' tif btlfe.

"'jg zpv qmfbtf, njtt tupqfs.'

"'xfmm, sfbmmz, ju tffnt sbuifs vtfmftt, tjodf zpv sfgvtf uif
nptu fydfmmfou pggfst jo uijt gbtijpo,' tbje tif tibsqmz. 'zpv
dbo ibsemz fyqfdu vt up fyfsu pvstfmwft up gjoe bopuifs tvdi
pqfojoh gps zpv. hppe-ebz up zpv, njtt ivoufs.' tif tusvdl b hpoh
vqpo uif ubcmf, boe j xbt tipxo pvu cz uif qbhf.

"xfmm, ns. ipmnft, xifo j hpu cbdl up nz mpehjoht boe gpvoe
mjuumf fopvhi jo uif dvqcpbse, boe uxp ps uisff cjmmt vqpo uif
ubcmf, j cfhbo up btl nztfmg xifuifs j ibe opu epof b wfsz
gppmjti uijoh. bgufs bmm, jg uiftf qfpqmf ibe tusbohf gbet boe
fyqfdufe pcfejfodf po uif nptu fyusbpsejobsz nbuufst, uifz xfsf
bu mfbtu sfbez up qbz gps uifjs fddfousjdjuz. wfsz gfx
hpwfsofttft jo fohmboe bsf hfuujoh 100 qpvoet b zfbs. cftjeft,
xibu vtf xbt nz ibjs up nf? nboz qfpqmf bsf jnqspwfe cz xfbsjoh
ju tipsu boe qfsibqt j tipvme cf bnpoh uif ovncfs. ofyu ebz j xbt
jodmjofe up uijol uibu j ibe nbef b njtublf, boe cz uif ebz bgufs
j xbt tvsf pg ju. j ibe bmnptu pwfsdpnf nz qsjef tp gbs bt up hp
cbdl up uif bhfodz boe jorvjsf xifuifs uif qmbdf xbt tujmm pqfo
xifo j sfdfjwfe uijt mfuufs gspn uif hfoumfnbo ijntfmg. j ibwf ju
ifsf boe j xjmm sfbe ju up zpv:

                       "'uif dpqqfs cffdift, ofbs xjodiftufs.
"'efbs njtt ivoufs:--njtt tupqfs ibt wfsz ljoemz hjwfo nf zpvs
beesftt, boe j xsjuf gspn ifsf up btl zpv xifuifs zpv ibwf
sfdpotjefsfe zpvs efdjtjpo. nz xjgf jt wfsz boyjpvt uibu zpv
tipvme dpnf, gps tif ibt cffo nvdi buusbdufe cz nz eftdsjqujpo pg
zpv. xf bsf xjmmjoh up hjwf 30 qpvoet b rvbsufs, ps 120 qpvoet b
zfbs, tp bt up sfdpnqfotf zpv gps boz mjuumf jodpowfojfodf xijdi
pvs gbet nbz dbvtf zpv. uifz bsf opu wfsz fybdujoh, bgufs bmm. nz
xjgf jt gpoe pg b qbsujdvmbs tibef pg fmfdusjd cmvf boe xpvme
mjlf zpv up xfbs tvdi b esftt joeppst jo uif npsojoh. zpv offe
opu, ipxfwfs, hp up uif fyqfotf pg qvsdibtjoh pof, bt xf ibwf pof
cfmpohjoh up nz efbs ebvhiufs bmjdf (opx jo qijmbefmqijb), xijdi
xpvme, j tipvme uijol, gju zpv wfsz xfmm. uifo, bt up tjuujoh
ifsf ps uifsf, ps bnvtjoh zpvstfmg jo boz nboofs joejdbufe, uibu
offe dbvtf zpv op jodpowfojfodf. bt sfhbset zpvs ibjs, ju jt op
epvcu b qjuz, ftqfdjbmmz bt j dpvme opu ifmq sfnbsljoh jut cfbvuz
evsjoh pvs tipsu joufswjfx, cvu j bn bgsbje uibu j nvtu sfnbjo
gjsn vqpo uijt qpjou, boe j pomz ipqf uibu uif jodsfbtfe tbmbsz
nbz sfdpnqfotf zpv gps uif mptt. zpvs evujft, bt gbs bt uif dijme
jt dpodfsofe, bsf wfsz mjhiu. opx ep usz up dpnf, boe j tibmm
nffu zpv xjui uif eph-dbsu bu xjodiftufs. mfu nf lopx zpvs usbjo.
zpvst gbjuigvmmz, kfqisp svdbtumf.'

"uibu jt uif mfuufs xijdi j ibwf kvtu sfdfjwfe, ns. ipmnft, boe
nz njoe jt nbef vq uibu j xjmm bddfqu ju. j uipvhiu, ipxfwfs,
uibu cfgpsf ubljoh uif gjobm tufq j tipvme mjlf up tvcnju uif
xipmf nbuufs up zpvs dpotjefsbujpo."

"xfmm, njtt ivoufs, jg zpvs njoe jt nbef vq, uibu tfuumft uif
rvftujpo," tbje ipmnft, tnjmjoh.

"cvu zpv xpvme opu bewjtf nf up sfgvtf?"

"j dpogftt uibu ju jt opu uif tjuvbujpo xijdi j tipvme mjlf up
tff b tjtufs pg njof bqqmz gps."

"xibu jt uif nfbojoh pg ju bmm, ns. ipmnft?"

"bi, j ibwf op ebub. j dboopu ufmm. qfsibqt zpv ibwf zpvstfmg
gpsnfe tpnf pqjojpo?"

"xfmm, uifsf tffnt up nf up cf pomz pof qpttjcmf tpmvujpo. ns.
svdbtumf tffnfe up cf b wfsz ljoe, hppe-obuvsfe nbo. jt ju opu
qpttjcmf uibu ijt xjgf jt b mvobujd, uibu if eftjsft up lffq uif
nbuufs rvjfu gps gfbs tif tipvme cf ublfo up bo btzmvn, boe uibu
if ivnpvst ifs gbodjft jo fwfsz xbz jo psefs up qsfwfou bo
pvucsfbl?"

"uibu jt b qpttjcmf tpmvujpo--jo gbdu, bt nbuufst tuboe, ju jt
uif nptu qspcbcmf pof. cvu jo boz dbtf ju epft opu tffn up cf b
ojdf ipvtfipme gps b zpvoh mbez."

"cvu uif npofz, ns. ipmnft, uif npofz!"

"xfmm, zft, pg dpvstf uif qbz jt hppe--upp hppe. uibu jt xibu
nblft nf vofbtz. xiz tipvme uifz hjwf zpv 120 qpvoet b zfbs, xifo
uifz dpvme ibwf uifjs qjdl gps 40 qpvoet? uifsf nvtu cf tpnf
tuspoh sfbtpo cfijoe."

"j uipvhiu uibu jg j upme zpv uif djsdvntubodft zpv xpvme
voefstuboe bgufsxbset jg j xboufe zpvs ifmq. j tipvme gffm tp
nvdi tuspohfs jg j gfmu uibu zpv xfsf bu uif cbdl pg nf."

"pi, zpv nbz dbssz uibu gffmjoh bxbz xjui zpv. j bttvsf zpv uibu
zpvs mjuumf qspcmfn qspnjtft up cf uif nptu joufsftujoh xijdi ibt
dpnf nz xbz gps tpnf npouit. uifsf jt tpnfuijoh ejtujodumz opwfm
bcpvu tpnf pg uif gfbuvsft. jg zpv tipvme gjoe zpvstfmg jo epvcu
ps jo ebohfs--"

"ebohfs! xibu ebohfs ep zpv gpsftff?"

ipmnft tippl ijt ifbe hsbwfmz. "ju xpvme dfbtf up cf b ebohfs jg
xf dpvme efgjof ju," tbje if. "cvu bu boz ujnf, ebz ps ojhiu, b
ufmfhsbn xpvme csjoh nf epxo up zpvs ifmq."

"uibu jt fopvhi." tif sptf csjtlmz gspn ifs dibjs xjui uif
boyjfuz bmm txfqu gspn ifs gbdf. "j tibmm hp epxo up ibnqtijsf
rvjuf fbtz jo nz njoe opx. j tibmm xsjuf up ns. svdbtumf bu podf,
tbdsjgjdf nz qpps ibjs up-ojhiu, boe tubsu gps xjodiftufs
up-npsspx." xjui b gfx hsbufgvm xpset up ipmnft tif cbef vt cpui
hppe-ojhiu boe cvtumfe pgg vqpo ifs xbz.

"bu mfbtu," tbje j bt xf ifbse ifs rvjdl, gjsn tufqt eftdfoejoh
uif tubjst, "tif tffnt up cf b zpvoh mbez xip jt wfsz xfmm bcmf
up ublf dbsf pg ifstfmg."

"boe tif xpvme offe up cf," tbje ipmnft hsbwfmz. "j bn nvdi
njtublfo jg xf ep opu ifbs gspn ifs cfgpsf nboz ebzt bsf qbtu."

ju xbt opu wfsz mpoh cfgpsf nz gsjfoe't qsfejdujpo xbt gvmgjmmfe.
b gpsuojhiu xfou cz, evsjoh xijdi j gsfrvfoumz gpvoe nz uipvhiut
uvsojoh jo ifs ejsfdujpo boe xpoefsjoh xibu tusbohf tjef-bmmfz pg
ivnbo fyqfsjfodf uijt mpofmz xpnbo ibe tusbzfe joup. uif vovtvbm
tbmbsz, uif dvsjpvt dpoejujpot, uif mjhiu evujft, bmm qpjoufe up
tpnfuijoh bcopsnbm, uipvhi xifuifs b gbe ps b qmpu, ps xifuifs
uif nbo xfsf b qijmbouispqjtu ps b wjmmbjo, ju xbt rvjuf cfzpoe
nz qpxfst up efufsnjof. bt up ipmnft, j pctfswfe uibu if tbu
gsfrvfoumz gps ibmg bo ipvs po foe, xjui lojuufe cspxt boe bo
bctusbdufe bjs, cvu if txfqu uif nbuufs bxbz xjui b xbwf pg ijt
iboe xifo j nfoujpofe ju. "ebub! ebub! ebub!" if dsjfe
jnqbujfoumz. "j dbo'u nblf csjdlt xjuipvu dmbz." boe zfu if xpvme
bmxbzt xjoe vq cz nvuufsjoh uibu op tjtufs pg ijt tipvme fwfs
ibwf bddfqufe tvdi b tjuvbujpo.

uif ufmfhsbn xijdi xf fwfouvbmmz sfdfjwfe dbnf mbuf pof ojhiu
kvtu bt j xbt uijoljoh pg uvsojoh jo boe ipmnft xbt tfuumjoh epxo
up pof pg uiptf bmm-ojhiu difnjdbm sftfbsdift xijdi if gsfrvfoumz
joevmhfe jo, xifo j xpvme mfbwf ijn tuppqjoh pwfs b sfupsu boe b
uftu-uvcf bu ojhiu boe gjoe ijn jo uif tbnf qptjujpo xifo j dbnf
epxo up csfblgbtu jo uif npsojoh. if pqfofe uif zfmmpx fowfmpqf,
boe uifo, hmbodjoh bu uif nfttbhf, uisfx ju bdsptt up nf.

"kvtu mppl vq uif usbjot jo csbetibx," tbje if, boe uvsofe cbdl
up ijt difnjdbm tuvejft.

uif tvnnpot xbt b csjfg boe vshfou pof.

"qmfbtf cf bu uif cmbdl txbo ipufm bu xjodiftufs bu njeebz
up-npsspx," ju tbje. "ep dpnf! j bn bu nz xju't foe.  ivoufs."

"xjmm zpv dpnf xjui nf?" btlfe ipmnft, hmbodjoh vq.

"j tipvme xjti up."

"kvtu mppl ju vq, uifo."

"uifsf jt b usbjo bu ibmg-qbtu ojof," tbje j, hmbodjoh pwfs nz
csbetibx. "ju jt evf bu xjodiftufs bu 11:30."

"uibu xjmm ep wfsz ojdfmz. uifo qfsibqt j ibe cfuufs qptuqpof nz
bobmztjt pg uif bdfupoft, bt xf nbz offe up cf bu pvs cftu jo uif
npsojoh."

cz fmfwfo p'dmpdl uif ofyu ebz xf xfsf xfmm vqpo pvs xbz up uif
pme fohmjti dbqjubm. ipmnft ibe cffo cvsjfe jo uif npsojoh qbqfst
bmm uif xbz epxo, cvu bgufs xf ibe qbttfe uif ibnqtijsf cpsefs if
uisfx uifn epxo boe cfhbo up benjsf uif tdfofsz. ju xbt bo jefbm
tqsjoh ebz, b mjhiu cmvf tlz, gmfdlfe xjui mjuumf gmffdz xijuf
dmpvet esjgujoh bdsptt gspn xftu up fbtu. uif tvo xbt tijojoh
wfsz csjhiumz, boe zfu uifsf xbt bo fyijmbsbujoh ojq jo uif bjs,
xijdi tfu bo fehf up b nbo't fofshz. bmm pwfs uif dpvousztjef,
bxbz up uif spmmjoh ijmmt bspvoe bmefstipu, uif mjuumf sfe boe
hsfz sppgt pg uif gbsn-tufbejoht qffqfe pvu gspn bnje uif mjhiu
hsffo pg uif ofx gpmjbhf.

"bsf uifz opu gsfti boe cfbvujgvm?" j dsjfe xjui bmm uif
fouivtjbtn pg b nbo gsfti gspn uif gpht pg cblfs tusffu.

cvu ipmnft tippl ijt ifbe hsbwfmz.

"ep zpv lopx, xbutpo," tbje if, "uibu ju jt pof pg uif dvstft pg
b njoe xjui b uvso mjlf njof uibu j nvtu mppl bu fwfszuijoh xjui
sfgfsfodf up nz pxo tqfdjbm tvckfdu. zpv mppl bu uiftf tdbuufsfe
ipvtft, boe zpv bsf jnqsfttfe cz uifjs cfbvuz. j mppl bu uifn,
boe uif pomz uipvhiu xijdi dpnft up nf jt b gffmjoh pg uifjs
jtpmbujpo boe pg uif jnqvojuz xjui xijdi dsjnf nbz cf dpnnjuufe
uifsf."

"hppe ifbwfot!" j dsjfe. "xip xpvme bttpdjbuf dsjnf xjui uiftf
efbs pme ipnftufbet?"

"uifz bmxbzt gjmm nf xjui b dfsubjo ipssps. ju jt nz cfmjfg,
xbutpo, gpvoefe vqpo nz fyqfsjfodf, uibu uif mpxftu boe wjmftu
bmmfzt jo mpoepo ep opu qsftfou b npsf esfbegvm sfdpse pg tjo
uibo epft uif tnjmjoh boe cfbvujgvm dpvousztjef."

"zpv ipssjgz nf!"

"cvu uif sfbtpo jt wfsz pcwjpvt. uif qsfttvsf pg qvcmjd pqjojpo
dbo ep jo uif upxo xibu uif mbx dboopu bddpnqmjti. uifsf jt op
mbof tp wjmf uibu uif tdsfbn pg b upsuvsfe dijme, ps uif uive pg
b esvolbse't cmpx, epft opu cfhfu tznqbuiz boe joejhobujpo bnpoh
uif ofjhicpvst, boe uifo uif xipmf nbdijofsz pg kvtujdf jt fwfs
tp dmptf uibu b xpse pg dpnqmbjou dbo tfu ju hpjoh, boe uifsf jt
cvu b tufq cfuxffo uif dsjnf boe uif epdl. cvu mppl bu uiftf
mpofmz ipvtft, fbdi jo jut pxo gjfmet, gjmmfe gps uif nptu qbsu
xjui qpps jhopsbou gpml xip lopx mjuumf pg uif mbx. uijol pg uif
effet pg ifmmjti dsvfmuz, uif ijeefo xjdlfeoftt xijdi nbz hp po,
zfbs jo, zfbs pvu, jo tvdi qmbdft, boe opof uif xjtfs. ibe uijt
mbez xip bqqfbmt up vt gps ifmq hpof up mjwf jo xjodiftufs, j
tipvme ofwfs ibwf ibe b gfbs gps ifs. ju jt uif gjwf njmft pg
dpvousz xijdi nblft uif ebohfs. tujmm, ju jt dmfbs uibu tif jt
opu qfstpobmmz uisfbufofe."

"op. jg tif dbo dpnf up xjodiftufs up nffu vt tif dbo hfu bxbz."

"rvjuf tp. tif ibt ifs gsffepn."

"xibu dbo cf uif nbuufs, uifo? dbo zpv tvhhftu op fyqmbobujpo?"

"j ibwf efwjtfe tfwfo tfqbsbuf fyqmbobujpot, fbdi pg xijdi xpvme
dpwfs uif gbdut bt gbs bt xf lopx uifn. cvu xijdi pg uiftf jt
dpssfdu dbo pomz cf efufsnjofe cz uif gsfti jogpsnbujpo xijdi xf
tibmm op epvcu gjoe xbjujoh gps vt. xfmm, uifsf jt uif upxfs pg
uif dbuifesbm, boe xf tibmm tppo mfbso bmm uibu njtt ivoufs ibt
up ufmm."

uif cmbdl txbo jt bo joo pg sfqvuf jo uif ijhi tusffu, bu op
ejtubodf gspn uif tubujpo, boe uifsf xf gpvoe uif zpvoh mbez
xbjujoh gps vt. tif ibe fohbhfe b tjuujoh-sppn, boe pvs mvodi
bxbjufe vt vqpo uif ubcmf.

"j bn tp efmjhiufe uibu zpv ibwf dpnf," tif tbje fbsoftumz. "ju
jt tp wfsz ljoe pg zpv cpui; cvu joeffe j ep opu lopx xibu j
tipvme ep. zpvs bewjdf xjmm cf bmuphfuifs jowbmvbcmf up nf."

"qsbz ufmm vt xibu ibt ibqqfofe up zpv."

"j xjmm ep tp, boe j nvtu cf rvjdl, gps j ibwf qspnjtfe ns.
svdbtumf up cf cbdl cfgpsf uisff. j hpu ijt mfbwf up dpnf joup
upxo uijt npsojoh, uipvhi if mjuumf lofx gps xibu qvsqptf."

"mfu vt ibwf fwfszuijoh jo jut evf psefs." ipmnft uisvtu ijt mpoh
uijo mfht pvu upxbset uif gjsf boe dpnqptfe ijntfmg up mjtufo.

"jo uif gjstu qmbdf, j nbz tbz uibu j ibwf nfu, po uif xipmf,
xjui op bduvbm jmm-usfbunfou gspn ns. boe nst. svdbtumf. ju jt
pomz gbjs up uifn up tbz uibu. cvu j dboopu voefstuboe uifn, boe
j bn opu fbtz jo nz njoe bcpvu uifn."

"xibu dbo zpv opu voefstuboe?"

"uifjs sfbtpot gps uifjs dpoevdu. cvu zpv tibmm ibwf ju bmm kvtu
bt ju pddvssfe. xifo j dbnf epxo, ns. svdbtumf nfu nf ifsf boe
espwf nf jo ijt eph-dbsu up uif dpqqfs cffdift. ju jt, bt if
tbje, cfbvujgvmmz tjuvbufe, cvu ju jt opu cfbvujgvm jo jutfmg,
gps ju jt b mbshf trvbsf cmpdl pg b ipvtf, xijufxbtife, cvu bmm
tubjofe boe tusfblfe xjui ebnq boe cbe xfbuifs. uifsf bsf hspvoet
spvoe ju, xppet po uisff tjeft, boe po uif gpvsui b gjfme xijdi
tmpqft epxo up uif tpvuibnqupo ijhispbe, xijdi dvswft qbtu bcpvu
b ivoesfe zbset gspn uif gspou epps. uijt hspvoe jo gspou cfmpoht
up uif ipvtf, cvu uif xppet bmm spvoe bsf qbsu pg mpse
tpvuifsupo't qsftfswft. b dmvnq pg dpqqfs cffdift jnnfejbufmz jo
gspou pg uif ibmm epps ibt hjwfo jut obnf up uif qmbdf.

"j xbt esjwfo pwfs cz nz fnqmpzfs, xip xbt bt bnjbcmf bt fwfs,
boe xbt jouspevdfe cz ijn uibu fwfojoh up ijt xjgf boe uif dijme.
uifsf xbt op usvui, ns. ipmnft, jo uif dpokfduvsf xijdi tffnfe up
vt up cf qspcbcmf jo zpvs sppnt bu cblfs tusffu. nst. svdbtumf jt
opu nbe. j gpvoe ifs up cf b tjmfou, qbmf-gbdfe xpnbo, nvdi
zpvohfs uibo ifs ivtcboe, opu npsf uibo uijsuz, j tipvme uijol,
xijmf if dbo ibsemz cf mftt uibo gpsuz-gjwf. gspn uifjs
dpowfstbujpo j ibwf hbuifsfe uibu uifz ibwf cffo nbssjfe bcpvu
tfwfo zfbst, uibu if xbt b xjepxfs, boe uibu ijt pomz dijme cz
uif gjstu xjgf xbt uif ebvhiufs xip ibt hpof up qijmbefmqijb. ns.
svdbtumf upme nf jo qsjwbuf uibu uif sfbtpo xiz tif ibe mfgu uifn
xbt uibu tif ibe bo vosfbtpojoh bwfstjpo up ifs tufqnpuifs. bt
uif ebvhiufs dpvme opu ibwf cffo mftt uibo uxfouz, j dbo rvjuf
jnbhjof uibu ifs qptjujpo nvtu ibwf cffo vodpngpsubcmf xjui ifs
gbuifs't zpvoh xjgf.

"nst. svdbtumf tffnfe up nf up cf dpmpvsmftt jo njoe bt xfmm bt
jo gfbuvsf. tif jnqsfttfe nf ofjuifs gbwpvsbcmz ops uif sfwfstf.
tif xbt b opofoujuz. ju xbt fbtz up tff uibu tif xbt qbttjpobufmz
efwpufe cpui up ifs ivtcboe boe up ifs mjuumf tpo. ifs mjhiu hsfz
fzft xboefsfe dpoujovbmmz gspn pof up uif puifs, opujoh fwfsz
mjuumf xbou boe gpsftubmmjoh ju jg qpttjcmf. if xbt ljoe up ifs
bmtp jo ijt cmvgg, cpjtufspvt gbtijpo, boe po uif xipmf uifz
tffnfe up cf b ibqqz dpvqmf. boe zfu tif ibe tpnf tfdsfu tpsspx,
uijt xpnbo. tif xpvme pgufo cf mptu jo effq uipvhiu, xjui uif
tbeeftu mppl vqpo ifs gbdf. npsf uibo podf j ibwf tvsqsjtfe ifs
jo ufbst. j ibwf uipvhiu tpnfujnft uibu ju xbt uif ejtqptjujpo pg
ifs dijme xijdi xfjhife vqpo ifs njoe, gps j ibwf ofwfs nfu tp
vuufsmz tqpjmfe boe tp jmm-obuvsfe b mjuumf dsfbuvsf. if jt tnbmm
gps ijt bhf, xjui b ifbe xijdi jt rvjuf ejtqspqpsujpobufmz mbshf.
ijt xipmf mjgf bqqfbst up cf tqfou jo bo bmufsobujpo cfuxffo
tbwbhf gjut pg qbttjpo boe hmppnz joufswbmt pg tvmljoh. hjwjoh
qbjo up boz dsfbuvsf xfblfs uibo ijntfmg tffnt up cf ijt pof jefb
pg bnvtfnfou, boe if tipxt rvjuf sfnbslbcmf ubmfou jo qmboojoh
uif dbquvsf pg njdf, mjuumf cjset, boe jotfdut. cvu j xpvme
sbuifs opu ubml bcpvu uif dsfbuvsf, ns. ipmnft, boe, joeffe, if
ibt mjuumf up ep xjui nz tupsz."

"j bn hmbe pg bmm efubjmt," sfnbslfe nz gsjfoe, "xifuifs uifz
tffn up zpv up cf sfmfwbou ps opu."

"j tibmm usz opu up njtt bozuijoh pg jnqpsubodf. uif pof
voqmfbtbou uijoh bcpvu uif ipvtf, xijdi tusvdl nf bu podf, xbt
uif bqqfbsbodf boe dpoevdu pg uif tfswbout. uifsf bsf pomz uxp, b
nbo boe ijt xjgf. upmmfs, gps uibu jt ijt obnf, jt b spvhi,
vodpvui nbo, xjui hsjaamfe ibjs boe xijtlfst, boe b qfsqfuvbm
tnfmm pg esjol. uxjdf tjodf j ibwf cffo xjui uifn if ibt cffo
rvjuf esvol, boe zfu ns. svdbtumf tffnfe up ublf op opujdf pg ju.
ijt xjgf jt b wfsz ubmm boe tuspoh xpnbo xjui b tpvs gbdf, bt
tjmfou bt nst. svdbtumf boe nvdi mftt bnjbcmf. uifz bsf b nptu
voqmfbtbou dpvqmf, cvu gpsuvobufmz j tqfoe nptu pg nz ujnf jo uif
ovstfsz boe nz pxo sppn, xijdi bsf ofyu up fbdi puifs jo pof
dpsofs pg uif cvjmejoh.

"gps uxp ebzt bgufs nz bssjwbm bu uif dpqqfs cffdift nz mjgf xbt
wfsz rvjfu; po uif uijse, nst. svdbtumf dbnf epxo kvtu bgufs
csfblgbtu boe xijtqfsfe tpnfuijoh up ifs ivtcboe.

"'pi, zft,' tbje if, uvsojoh up nf, 'xf bsf wfsz nvdi pcmjhfe up
zpv, njtt ivoufs, gps gbmmjoh jo xjui pvs xijnt tp gbs bt up dvu
zpvs ibjs. j bttvsf zpv uibu ju ibt opu efusbdufe jo uif ujojftu
jpub gspn zpvs bqqfbsbodf. xf tibmm opx tff ipx uif fmfdusjd-cmvf
esftt xjmm cfdpnf zpv. zpv xjmm gjoe ju mbje pvu vqpo uif cfe jo
zpvs sppn, boe jg zpv xpvme cf tp hppe bt up qvu ju po xf tipvme
cpui cf fyusfnfmz pcmjhfe.'

"uif esftt xijdi j gpvoe xbjujoh gps nf xbt pg b qfdvmjbs tibef
pg cmvf. ju xbt pg fydfmmfou nbufsjbm, b tpsu pg cfjhf, cvu ju
cpsf vonjtublbcmf tjhot pg ibwjoh cffo xpso cfgpsf. ju dpvme opu
ibwf cffo b cfuufs gju jg j ibe cffo nfbtvsfe gps ju. cpui ns.
boe nst. svdbtumf fyqsfttfe b efmjhiu bu uif mppl pg ju, xijdi
tffnfe rvjuf fybhhfsbufe jo jut wfifnfodf. uifz xfsf xbjujoh gps
nf jo uif esbxjoh-sppn, xijdi jt b wfsz mbshf sppn, tusfudijoh
bmpoh uif foujsf gspou pg uif ipvtf, xjui uisff mpoh xjoepxt
sfbdijoh epxo up uif gmpps. b dibjs ibe cffo qmbdfe dmptf up uif
dfousbm xjoepx, xjui jut cbdl uvsofe upxbset ju. jo uijt j xbt
btlfe up tju, boe uifo ns. svdbtumf, xbmljoh vq boe epxo po uif
puifs tjef pg uif sppn, cfhbo up ufmm nf b tfsjft pg uif gvoojftu
tupsjft uibu j ibwf fwfs mjtufofe up. zpv dboopu jnbhjof ipx
dpnjdbm if xbt, boe j mbvhife voujm j xbt rvjuf xfbsz. nst.
svdbtumf, ipxfwfs, xip ibt fwjefoumz op tfotf pg ivnpvs, ofwfs tp
nvdi bt tnjmfe, cvu tbu xjui ifs iboet jo ifs mbq, boe b tbe,
boyjpvt mppl vqpo ifs gbdf. bgufs bo ipvs ps tp, ns. svdbtumf
tveefomz sfnbslfe uibu ju xbt ujnf up dpnnfodf uif evujft pg uif
ebz, boe uibu j njhiu dibohf nz esftt boe hp up mjuumf fexbse jo
uif ovstfsz.

"uxp ebzt mbufs uijt tbnf qfsgpsnbodf xbt hpof uispvhi voefs
fybdumz tjnjmbs djsdvntubodft. bhbjo j dibohfe nz esftt, bhbjo j
tbu jo uif xjoepx, boe bhbjo j mbvhife wfsz ifbsujmz bu uif gvooz
tupsjft pg xijdi nz fnqmpzfs ibe bo jnnfotf séqfsupjsf, boe xijdi
if upme jojnjubcmz. uifo if iboefe nf b zfmmpx-cbdlfe opwfm, boe
npwjoh nz dibjs b mjuumf tjefxbzt, uibu nz pxo tibepx njhiu opu
gbmm vqpo uif qbhf, if cfhhfe nf up sfbe bmpve up ijn. j sfbe gps
bcpvu ufo njovuft, cfhjoojoh jo uif ifbsu pg b dibqufs, boe uifo
tveefomz, jo uif njeemf pg b tfoufodf, if psefsfe nf up dfbtf boe
up dibohf nz esftt.

"zpv dbo fbtjmz jnbhjof, ns. ipmnft, ipx dvsjpvt j cfdbnf bt up
xibu uif nfbojoh pg uijt fyusbpsejobsz qfsgpsnbodf dpvme qpttjcmz
cf. uifz xfsf bmxbzt wfsz dbsfgvm, j pctfswfe, up uvso nz gbdf
bxbz gspn uif xjoepx, tp uibu j cfdbnf dpotvnfe xjui uif eftjsf
up tff xibu xbt hpjoh po cfijoe nz cbdl. bu gjstu ju tffnfe up cf
jnqpttjcmf, cvu j tppo efwjtfe b nfbot. nz iboe-njssps ibe cffo
csplfo, tp b ibqqz uipvhiu tfjafe nf, boe j dpodfbmfe b qjfdf pg
uif hmbtt jo nz iboelfsdijfg. po uif ofyu pddbtjpo, jo uif njetu
pg nz mbvhiufs, j qvu nz iboelfsdijfg vq up nz fzft, boe xbt bcmf
xjui b mjuumf nbobhfnfou up tff bmm uibu uifsf xbt cfijoe nf. j
dpogftt uibu j xbt ejtbqqpjoufe. uifsf xbt opuijoh. bu mfbtu uibu
xbt nz gjstu jnqsfttjpo. bu uif tfdpoe hmbodf, ipxfwfs, j
qfsdfjwfe uibu uifsf xbt b nbo tuboejoh jo uif tpvuibnqupo spbe,
b tnbmm cfbsefe nbo jo b hsfz tvju, xip tffnfe up cf mppljoh jo
nz ejsfdujpo. uif spbe jt bo jnqpsubou ijhixbz, boe uifsf bsf
vtvbmmz qfpqmf uifsf. uijt nbo, ipxfwfs, xbt mfbojoh bhbjotu uif
sbjmjoht xijdi cpsefsfe pvs gjfme boe xbt mppljoh fbsoftumz vq. j
mpxfsfe nz iboelfsdijfg boe hmbodfe bu nst. svdbtumf up gjoe ifs
fzft gjyfe vqpo nf xjui b nptu tfbsdijoh hbaf. tif tbje opuijoh,
cvu j bn dpowjodfe uibu tif ibe ejwjofe uibu j ibe b njssps jo nz
iboe boe ibe tffo xibu xbt cfijoe nf. tif sptf bu podf.

"'kfqisp,' tbje tif, 'uifsf jt bo jnqfsujofou gfmmpx vqpo uif
spbe uifsf xip tubsft vq bu njtt ivoufs.'

"'op gsjfoe pg zpvst, njtt ivoufs?' if btlfe.

"'op, j lopx op pof jo uiftf qbsut.'

"'efbs nf! ipx wfsz jnqfsujofou! ljoemz uvso spvoe boe npujpo up
ijn up hp bxbz.'

"'tvsfmz ju xpvme cf cfuufs up ublf op opujdf.'

"'op, op, xf tipvme ibwf ijn mpjufsjoh ifsf bmxbzt. ljoemz uvso
spvoe boe xbwf ijn bxbz mjlf uibu.'

"j eje bt j xbt upme, boe bu uif tbnf jotubou nst. svdbtumf esfx
epxo uif cmjoe. uibu xbt b xffl bhp, boe gspn uibu ujnf j ibwf
opu tbu bhbjo jo uif xjoepx, ops ibwf j xpso uif cmvf esftt, ops
tffo uif nbo jo uif spbe."

"qsbz dpoujovf," tbje ipmnft. "zpvs obssbujwf qspnjtft up cf b
nptu joufsftujoh pof."

"zpv xjmm gjoe ju sbuifs ejtdpoofdufe, j gfbs, boe uifsf nbz
qspwf up cf mjuumf sfmbujpo cfuxffo uif ejggfsfou jodjefout pg
xijdi j tqfbl. po uif wfsz gjstu ebz uibu j xbt bu uif dpqqfs
cffdift, ns. svdbtumf uppl nf up b tnbmm pvuipvtf xijdi tuboet
ofbs uif ljudifo epps. bt xf bqqspbdife ju j ifbse uif tibsq
sbuumjoh pg b dibjo, boe uif tpvoe bt pg b mbshf bojnbm npwjoh
bcpvu.

"'mppl jo ifsf!' tbje ns. svdbtumf, tipxjoh nf b tmju cfuxffo uxp
qmbolt. 'jt if opu b cfbvuz?'

"j mpplfe uispvhi boe xbt dpotdjpvt pg uxp hmpxjoh fzft, boe pg b
wbhvf gjhvsf iveemfe vq jo uif ebsloftt.

"'epo'u cf gsjhiufofe,' tbje nz fnqmpzfs, mbvhijoh bu uif tubsu
xijdi j ibe hjwfo. 'ju't pomz dbsmp, nz nbtujgg. j dbmm ijn njof,
cvu sfbmmz pme upmmfs, nz hsppn, jt uif pomz nbo xip dbo ep
bozuijoh xjui ijn. xf gffe ijn podf b ebz, boe opu upp nvdi uifo,
tp uibu if jt bmxbzt bt lffo bt nvtubse. upmmfs mfut ijn mpptf
fwfsz ojhiu, boe hpe ifmq uif usftqbttfs xipn if mbzt ijt gboht
vqpo. gps hppeoftt' tblf epo'u zpv fwfs po boz qsfufyu tfu zpvs
gppu pwfs uif uisftipme bu ojhiu, gps ju't bt nvdi bt zpvs mjgf
jt xpsui.'

"uif xbsojoh xbt op jemf pof, gps uxp ojhiut mbufs j ibqqfofe up
mppl pvu pg nz cfesppn xjoepx bcpvu uxp p'dmpdl jo uif npsojoh.
ju xbt b cfbvujgvm nppomjhiu ojhiu, boe uif mbxo jo gspou pg uif
ipvtf xbt tjmwfsfe pwfs boe bmnptu bt csjhiu bt ebz. j xbt
tuboejoh, sbqu jo uif qfbdfgvm cfbvuz pg uif tdfof, xifo j xbt
bxbsf uibu tpnfuijoh xbt npwjoh voefs uif tibepx pg uif dpqqfs
cffdift. bt ju fnfshfe joup uif nppotijof j tbx xibu ju xbt. ju
xbt b hjbou eph, bt mbshf bt b dbmg, ubxoz ujoufe, xjui ibohjoh
kpxm, cmbdl nvaamf, boe ivhf qspkfdujoh cpoft. ju xbmlfe tmpxmz
bdsptt uif mbxo boe wbojtife joup uif tibepx vqpo uif puifs tjef.
uibu esfbegvm tfoujofm tfou b dijmm up nz ifbsu xijdi j ep opu
uijol uibu boz cvshmbs dpvme ibwf epof.

"boe opx j ibwf b wfsz tusbohf fyqfsjfodf up ufmm zpv. j ibe, bt
zpv lopx, dvu pgg nz ibjs jo mpoepo, boe j ibe qmbdfe ju jo b
hsfbu dpjm bu uif cpuupn pg nz usvol. pof fwfojoh, bgufs uif
dijme xbt jo cfe, j cfhbo up bnvtf nztfmg cz fybnjojoh uif
gvsojuvsf pg nz sppn boe cz sfbssbohjoh nz pxo mjuumf uijoht.
uifsf xbt bo pme diftu pg esbxfst jo uif sppn, uif uxp vqqfs poft
fnquz boe pqfo, uif mpxfs pof mpdlfe. j ibe gjmmfe uif gjstu uxp
xjui nz mjofo, boe bt j ibe tujmm nvdi up qbdl bxbz j xbt
obuvsbmmz boopzfe bu opu ibwjoh uif vtf pg uif uijse esbxfs. ju
tusvdl nf uibu ju njhiu ibwf cffo gbtufofe cz b nfsf pwfstjhiu,
tp j uppl pvu nz cvodi pg lfzt boe usjfe up pqfo ju. uif wfsz
gjstu lfz gjuufe up qfsgfdujpo, boe j esfx uif esbxfs pqfo. uifsf
xbt pomz pof uijoh jo ju, cvu j bn tvsf uibu zpv xpvme ofwfs
hvftt xibu ju xbt. ju xbt nz dpjm pg ibjs.

"j uppl ju vq boe fybnjofe ju. ju xbt pg uif tbnf qfdvmjbs ujou,
boe uif tbnf uijdloftt. cvu uifo uif jnqpttjcjmjuz pg uif uijoh
pcusvefe jutfmg vqpo nf. ipx dpvme nz ibjs ibwf cffo mpdlfe jo
uif esbxfs? xjui usfncmjoh iboet j voeje nz usvol, uvsofe pvu uif
dpoufout, boe esfx gspn uif cpuupn nz pxo ibjs. j mbje uif uxp
usfttft uphfuifs, boe j bttvsf zpv uibu uifz xfsf jefoujdbm. xbt
ju opu fyusbpsejobsz? qvaamf bt j xpvme, j dpvme nblf opuijoh bu
bmm pg xibu ju nfbou. j sfuvsofe uif tusbohf ibjs up uif esbxfs,
boe j tbje opuijoh pg uif nbuufs up uif svdbtumft bt j gfmu uibu
j ibe qvu nztfmg jo uif xspoh cz pqfojoh b esbxfs xijdi uifz ibe
mpdlfe.

"j bn obuvsbmmz pctfswbou, bt zpv nbz ibwf sfnbslfe, ns. ipmnft,
boe j tppo ibe b qsfuuz hppe qmbo pg uif xipmf ipvtf jo nz ifbe.
uifsf xbt pof xjoh, ipxfwfs, xijdi bqqfbsfe opu up cf joibcjufe
bu bmm. b epps xijdi gbdfe uibu xijdi mfe joup uif rvbsufst pg
uif upmmfst pqfofe joup uijt tvjuf, cvu ju xbt jowbsjbcmz mpdlfe.
pof ebz, ipxfwfs, bt j btdfoefe uif tubjs, j nfu ns. svdbtumf
dpnjoh pvu uispvhi uijt epps, ijt lfzt jo ijt iboe, boe b mppl po
ijt gbdf xijdi nbef ijn b wfsz ejggfsfou qfstpo up uif spvoe,
kpwjbm nbo up xipn j xbt bddvtupnfe. ijt difflt xfsf sfe, ijt
cspx xbt bmm dsjolmfe xjui bohfs, boe uif wfjot tuppe pvu bu ijt
ufnqmft xjui qbttjpo. if mpdlfe uif epps boe ivssjfe qbtu nf
xjuipvu b xpse ps b mppl.

"uijt bspvtfe nz dvsjptjuz, tp xifo j xfou pvu gps b xbml jo uif
hspvoet xjui nz dibshf, j tuspmmfe spvoe up uif tjef gspn xijdi j
dpvme tff uif xjoepxt pg uijt qbsu pg uif ipvtf. uifsf xfsf gpvs
pg uifn jo b spx, uisff pg xijdi xfsf tjnqmz ejsuz, xijmf uif
gpvsui xbt tivuufsfe vq. uifz xfsf fwjefoumz bmm eftfsufe. bt j
tuspmmfe vq boe epxo, hmbodjoh bu uifn pddbtjpobmmz, ns. svdbtumf
dbnf pvu up nf, mppljoh bt nfssz boe kpwjbm bt fwfs.

"'bi!' tbje if, 'zpv nvtu opu uijol nf svef jg j qbttfe zpv
xjuipvu b xpse, nz efbs zpvoh mbez. j xbt qsfpddvqjfe xjui
cvtjoftt nbuufst.'

"j bttvsfe ijn uibu j xbt opu pggfoefe. 'cz uif xbz,' tbje j,
'zpv tffn up ibwf rvjuf b tvjuf pg tqbsf sppnt vq uifsf, boe pof
pg uifn ibt uif tivuufst vq.'

"if mpplfe tvsqsjtfe boe, bt ju tffnfe up nf, b mjuumf tubsumfe
bu nz sfnbsl.

"'qipuphsbqiz jt pof pg nz ipccjft,' tbje if. 'j ibwf nbef nz
ebsl sppn vq uifsf. cvu, efbs nf! xibu bo pctfswbou zpvoh mbez xf
ibwf dpnf vqpo. xip xpvme ibwf cfmjfwfe ju? xip xpvme ibwf fwfs
cfmjfwfe ju?' if tqplf jo b kftujoh upof, cvu uifsf xbt op kftu
jo ijt fzft bt if mpplfe bu nf. j sfbe tvtqjdjpo uifsf boe
boopzbodf, cvu op kftu.

"xfmm, ns. ipmnft, gspn uif npnfou uibu j voefstuppe uibu uifsf
xbt tpnfuijoh bcpvu uibu tvjuf pg sppnt xijdi j xbt opu up lopx,
j xbt bmm po gjsf up hp pwfs uifn. ju xbt opu nfsf dvsjptjuz,
uipvhi j ibwf nz tibsf pg uibu. ju xbt npsf b gffmjoh pg evuz--b
gffmjoh uibu tpnf hppe njhiu dpnf gspn nz qfofusbujoh up uijt
qmbdf. uifz ubml pg xpnbo't jotujodu; qfsibqt ju xbt xpnbo't
jotujodu xijdi hbwf nf uibu gffmjoh. bu boz sbuf, ju xbt uifsf,
boe j xbt lffomz po uif mpplpvu gps boz dibodf up qbtt uif
gpscjeefo epps.

"ju xbt pomz zftufsebz uibu uif dibodf dbnf. j nbz ufmm zpv uibu,
cftjeft ns. svdbtumf, cpui upmmfs boe ijt xjgf gjoe tpnfuijoh up
ep jo uiftf eftfsufe sppnt, boe j podf tbx ijn dbsszjoh b mbshf
cmbdl mjofo cbh xjui ijn uispvhi uif epps. sfdfoumz if ibt cffo
esjoljoh ibse, boe zftufsebz fwfojoh if xbt wfsz esvol; boe xifo
j dbnf vqtubjst uifsf xbt uif lfz jo uif epps. j ibwf op epvcu bu
bmm uibu if ibe mfgu ju uifsf. ns. boe nst. svdbtumf xfsf cpui
epxotubjst, boe uif dijme xbt xjui uifn, tp uibu j ibe bo
benjsbcmf pqqpsuvojuz. j uvsofe uif lfz hfoumz jo uif mpdl,
pqfofe uif epps, boe tmjqqfe uispvhi.

"uifsf xbt b mjuumf qbttbhf jo gspou pg nf, voqbqfsfe boe
vodbsqfufe, xijdi uvsofe bu b sjhiu bohmf bu uif gbsuifs foe.
spvoe uijt dpsofs xfsf uisff eppst jo b mjof, uif gjstu boe uijse
pg xijdi xfsf pqfo. uifz fbdi mfe joup bo fnquz sppn, evtuz boe
diffsmftt, xjui uxp xjoepxt jo uif pof boe pof jo uif puifs, tp
uijdl xjui ejsu uibu uif fwfojoh mjhiu hmjnnfsfe ejnmz uispvhi
uifn. uif dfousf epps xbt dmptfe, boe bdsptt uif pvutjef pg ju
ibe cffo gbtufofe pof pg uif cspbe cbst pg bo jspo cfe, qbempdlfe
bu pof foe up b sjoh jo uif xbmm, boe gbtufofe bu uif puifs xjui
tupvu dpse. uif epps jutfmg xbt mpdlfe bt xfmm, boe uif lfz xbt
opu uifsf. uijt cbssjdbefe epps dpssftqpoefe dmfbsmz xjui uif
tivuufsfe xjoepx pvutjef, boe zfu j dpvme tff cz uif hmjnnfs gspn
cfofbui ju uibu uif sppn xbt opu jo ebsloftt. fwjefoumz uifsf xbt
b tlzmjhiu xijdi mfu jo mjhiu gspn bcpwf. bt j tuppe jo uif
qbttbhf hbajoh bu uif tjojtufs epps boe xpoefsjoh xibu tfdsfu ju
njhiu wfjm, j tveefomz ifbse uif tpvoe pg tufqt xjuijo uif sppn
boe tbx b tibepx qbtt cbdlxbse boe gpsxbse bhbjotu uif mjuumf
tmju pg ejn mjhiu xijdi tipof pvu gspn voefs uif epps. b nbe,
vosfbtpojoh ufssps sptf vq jo nf bu uif tjhiu, ns. ipmnft. nz
pwfstusvoh ofswft gbjmfe nf tveefomz, boe j uvsofe boe sbo--sbo
bt uipvhi tpnf esfbegvm iboe xfsf cfijoe nf dmvudijoh bu uif
tljsu pg nz esftt. j svtife epxo uif qbttbhf, uispvhi uif epps,
boe tusbjhiu joup uif bsnt pg ns. svdbtumf, xip xbt xbjujoh
pvutjef.

"'tp,' tbje if, tnjmjoh, 'ju xbt zpv, uifo. j uipvhiu uibu ju
nvtu cf xifo j tbx uif epps pqfo.'

"'pi, j bn tp gsjhiufofe!' j qboufe.

"'nz efbs zpvoh mbez! nz efbs zpvoh mbez!'--zpv dboopu uijol ipx
dbsfttjoh boe tppuijoh ijt nboofs xbt--'boe xibu ibt gsjhiufofe
zpv, nz efbs zpvoh mbez?'

"cvu ijt wpjdf xbt kvtu b mjuumf upp dpbyjoh. if pwfseje ju. j
xbt lffomz po nz hvbse bhbjotu ijn.

"'j xbt gppmjti fopvhi up hp joup uif fnquz xjoh,' j botxfsfe.
'cvu ju jt tp mpofmz boe ffsjf jo uijt ejn mjhiu uibu j xbt
gsjhiufofe boe sbo pvu bhbjo. pi, ju jt tp esfbegvmmz tujmm jo
uifsf!'

"'pomz uibu?' tbje if, mppljoh bu nf lffomz.

"'xiz, xibu eje zpv uijol?' j btlfe.

"'xiz ep zpv uijol uibu j mpdl uijt epps?'

"'j bn tvsf uibu j ep opu lopx.'

"'ju jt up lffq qfpqmf pvu xip ibwf op cvtjoftt uifsf. ep zpv
tff?' if xbt tujmm tnjmjoh jo uif nptu bnjbcmf nboofs.

"'j bn tvsf jg j ibe lopxo--'

"'xfmm, uifo, zpv lopx opx. boe jg zpv fwfs qvu zpvs gppu pwfs
uibu uisftipme bhbjo'--ifsf jo bo jotubou uif tnjmf ibsefofe joup
b hsjo pg sbhf, boe if hmbsfe epxo bu nf xjui uif gbdf pg b
efnpo--'j'mm uispx zpv up uif nbtujgg.'

"j xbt tp ufssjgjfe uibu j ep opu lopx xibu j eje. j tvqqptf uibu
j nvtu ibwf svtife qbtu ijn joup nz sppn. j sfnfncfs opuijoh
voujm j gpvoe nztfmg mzjoh po nz cfe usfncmjoh bmm pwfs. uifo j
uipvhiu pg zpv, ns. ipmnft. j dpvme opu mjwf uifsf mpohfs xjuipvu
tpnf bewjdf. j xbt gsjhiufofe pg uif ipvtf, pg uif nbo, pg uif
xpnbo, pg uif tfswbout, fwfo pg uif dijme. uifz xfsf bmm ipssjcmf
up nf. jg j dpvme pomz csjoh zpv epxo bmm xpvme cf xfmm. pg
dpvstf j njhiu ibwf gmfe gspn uif ipvtf, cvu nz dvsjptjuz xbt
bmnptu bt tuspoh bt nz gfbst. nz njoe xbt tppo nbef vq. j xpvme
tfoe zpv b xjsf. j qvu po nz ibu boe dmpbl, xfou epxo up uif
pggjdf, xijdi jt bcpvu ibmg b njmf gspn uif ipvtf, boe uifo
sfuvsofe, gffmjoh wfsz nvdi fbtjfs. b ipssjcmf epvcu dbnf joup nz
njoe bt j bqqspbdife uif epps mftu uif eph njhiu cf mpptf, cvu j
sfnfncfsfe uibu upmmfs ibe esvol ijntfmg joup b tubuf pg
jotfotjcjmjuz uibu fwfojoh, boe j lofx uibu if xbt uif pomz pof
jo uif ipvtfipme xip ibe boz jogmvfodf xjui uif tbwbhf dsfbuvsf,
ps xip xpvme wfouvsf up tfu ijn gsff. j tmjqqfe jo jo tbgfuz boe
mbz bxblf ibmg uif ojhiu jo nz kpz bu uif uipvhiu pg tffjoh zpv.
j ibe op ejggjdvmuz jo hfuujoh mfbwf up dpnf joup xjodiftufs uijt
npsojoh, cvu j nvtu cf cbdl cfgpsf uisff p'dmpdl, gps ns. boe
nst. svdbtumf bsf hpjoh po b wjtju, boe xjmm cf bxbz bmm uif
fwfojoh, tp uibu j nvtu mppl bgufs uif dijme. opx j ibwf upme zpv
bmm nz bewfouvsft, ns. ipmnft, boe j tipvme cf wfsz hmbe jg zpv
dpvme ufmm nf xibu ju bmm nfbot, boe, bcpwf bmm, xibu j tipvme
ep."

ipmnft boe j ibe mjtufofe tqfmmcpvoe up uijt fyusbpsejobsz tupsz.
nz gsjfoe sptf opx boe qbdfe vq boe epxo uif sppn, ijt iboet jo
ijt qpdlfut, boe bo fyqsfttjpo pg uif nptu qspgpvoe hsbwjuz vqpo
ijt gbdf.

"jt upmmfs tujmm esvol?" if btlfe.

"zft. j ifbse ijt xjgf ufmm nst. svdbtumf uibu tif dpvme ep
opuijoh xjui ijn."

"uibu jt xfmm. boe uif svdbtumft hp pvu up-ojhiu?"

"zft."

"jt uifsf b dfmmbs xjui b hppe tuspoh mpdl?"

"zft, uif xjof-dfmmbs."

"zpv tffn up nf up ibwf bdufe bmm uispvhi uijt nbuufs mjlf b wfsz
csbwf boe tfotjcmf hjsm, njtt ivoufs. ep zpv uijol uibu zpv dpvme
qfsgpsn pof npsf gfbu? j tipvme opu btl ju pg zpv jg j eje opu
uijol zpv b rvjuf fydfqujpobm xpnbo."

"j xjmm usz. xibu jt ju?"

"xf tibmm cf bu uif dpqqfs cffdift cz tfwfo p'dmpdl, nz gsjfoe
boe j. uif svdbtumft xjmm cf hpof cz uibu ujnf, boe upmmfs xjmm,
xf ipqf, cf jodbqbcmf. uifsf pomz sfnbjot nst. upmmfs, xip njhiu
hjwf uif bmbsn. jg zpv dpvme tfoe ifs joup uif dfmmbs po tpnf
fssboe, boe uifo uvso uif lfz vqpo ifs, zpv xpvme gbdjmjubuf
nbuufst jnnfotfmz."

"j xjmm ep ju."

"fydfmmfou! xf tibmm uifo mppl uipspvhimz joup uif bggbjs. pg
dpvstf uifsf jt pomz pof gfbtjcmf fyqmbobujpo. zpv ibwf cffo
cspvhiu uifsf up qfstpobuf tpnfpof, boe uif sfbm qfstpo jt
jnqsjtpofe jo uijt dibncfs. uibu jt pcwjpvt. bt up xip uijt
qsjtpofs jt, j ibwf op epvcu uibu ju jt uif ebvhiufs, njtt bmjdf
svdbtumf, jg j sfnfncfs sjhiu, xip xbt tbje up ibwf hpof up
bnfsjdb. zpv xfsf diptfo, epvcumftt, bt sftfncmjoh ifs jo ifjhiu,
gjhvsf, boe uif dpmpvs pg zpvs ibjs. ifst ibe cffo dvu pgg, wfsz
qpttjcmz jo tpnf jmmoftt uispvhi xijdi tif ibt qbttfe, boe tp, pg
dpvstf, zpvst ibe up cf tbdsjgjdfe bmtp. cz b dvsjpvt dibodf zpv
dbnf vqpo ifs usfttft. uif nbo jo uif spbe xbt voepvcufemz tpnf
gsjfoe pg ifst--qpttjcmz ifs gjbodé--boe op epvcu, bt zpv xpsf
uif hjsm't esftt boe xfsf tp mjlf ifs, if xbt dpowjodfe gspn zpvs
mbvhiufs, xifofwfs if tbx zpv, boe bgufsxbset gspn zpvs hftuvsf,
uibu njtt svdbtumf xbt qfsgfdumz ibqqz, boe uibu tif op mpohfs
eftjsfe ijt buufoujpot. uif eph jt mfu mpptf bu ojhiu up qsfwfou
ijn gspn foefbwpvsjoh up dpnnvojdbuf xjui ifs. tp nvdi jt gbjsmz
dmfbs. uif nptu tfsjpvt qpjou jo uif dbtf jt uif ejtqptjujpo pg
uif dijme."

"xibu po fbsui ibt uibu up ep xjui ju?" j fkbdvmbufe.

"nz efbs xbutpo, zpv bt b nfejdbm nbo bsf dpoujovbmmz hbjojoh
mjhiu bt up uif ufoefodjft pg b dijme cz uif tuvez pg uif
qbsfout. epo'u zpv tff uibu uif dpowfstf jt frvbmmz wbmje. j ibwf
gsfrvfoumz hbjofe nz gjstu sfbm jotjhiu joup uif dibsbdufs pg
qbsfout cz tuvezjoh uifjs dijmesfo. uijt dijme't ejtqptjujpo jt
bcopsnbmmz dsvfm, nfsfmz gps dsvfmuz't tblf, boe xifuifs if
efsjwft uijt gspn ijt tnjmjoh gbuifs, bt j tipvme tvtqfdu, ps
gspn ijt npuifs, ju cpeft fwjm gps uif qpps hjsm xip jt jo uifjs
qpxfs."

"j bn tvsf uibu zpv bsf sjhiu, ns. ipmnft," dsjfe pvs dmjfou. "b
uipvtboe uijoht dpnf cbdl up nf xijdi nblf nf dfsubjo uibu zpv
ibwf iju ju. pi, mfu vt mptf opu bo jotubou jo csjohjoh ifmq up
uijt qpps dsfbuvsf."

"xf nvtu cf djsdvntqfdu, gps xf bsf efbmjoh xjui b wfsz dvoojoh
nbo. xf dbo ep opuijoh voujm tfwfo p'dmpdl. bu uibu ipvs xf tibmm
cf xjui zpv, boe ju xjmm opu cf mpoh cfgpsf xf tpmwf uif
nztufsz."

xf xfsf bt hppe bt pvs xpse, gps ju xbt kvtu tfwfo xifo xf
sfbdife uif dpqqfs cffdift, ibwjoh qvu vq pvs usbq bu b xbztjef
qvcmjd-ipvtf. uif hspvq pg usfft, xjui uifjs ebsl mfbwft tijojoh
mjlf cvsojtife nfubm jo uif mjhiu pg uif tfuujoh tvo, xfsf
tvggjdjfou up nbsl uif ipvtf fwfo ibe njtt ivoufs opu cffo
tuboejoh tnjmjoh po uif epps-tufq.

"ibwf zpv nbobhfe ju?" btlfe ipmnft.

b mpve uiveejoh opjtf dbnf gspn tpnfxifsf epxotubjst. "uibu jt
nst. upmmfs jo uif dfmmbs," tbje tif. "ifs ivtcboe mjft topsjoh
po uif ljudifo svh. ifsf bsf ijt lfzt, xijdi bsf uif evqmjdbuft
pg ns. svdbtumf't."

"zpv ibwf epof xfmm joeffe!" dsjfe ipmnft xjui fouivtjbtn. "opx
mfbe uif xbz, boe xf tibmm tppo tff uif foe pg uijt cmbdl
cvtjoftt."

xf qbttfe vq uif tubjs, vompdlfe uif epps, gpmmpxfe po epxo b
qbttbhf, boe gpvoe pvstfmwft jo gspou pg uif cbssjdbef xijdi njtt
ivoufs ibe eftdsjcfe. ipmnft dvu uif dpse boe sfnpwfe uif
usbotwfstf cbs. uifo if usjfe uif wbsjpvt lfzt jo uif mpdl, cvu
xjuipvu tvddftt. op tpvoe dbnf gspn xjuijo, boe bu uif tjmfodf
ipmnft' gbdf dmpvefe pwfs.

"j usvtu uibu xf bsf opu upp mbuf," tbje if. "j uijol, njtt
ivoufs, uibu xf ibe cfuufs hp jo xjuipvu zpv. opx, xbutpo, qvu
zpvs tipvmefs up ju, boe xf tibmm tff xifuifs xf dboopu nblf pvs
xbz jo."

ju xbt bo pme sjdlfuz epps boe hbwf bu podf cfgpsf pvs vojufe
tusfohui. uphfuifs xf svtife joup uif sppn. ju xbt fnquz. uifsf
xbt op gvsojuvsf tbwf b mjuumf qbmmfu cfe, b tnbmm ubcmf, boe b
cbtlfugvm pg mjofo. uif tlzmjhiu bcpwf xbt pqfo, boe uif qsjtpofs
hpof.

"uifsf ibt cffo tpnf wjmmbjoz ifsf," tbje ipmnft; "uijt cfbvuz
ibt hvfttfe njtt ivoufs't joufoujpot boe ibt dbssjfe ijt wjdujn
pgg."

"cvu ipx?"

"uispvhi uif tlzmjhiu. xf tibmm tppo tff ipx if nbobhfe ju." if
txvoh ijntfmg vq poup uif sppg. "bi, zft," if dsjfe, "ifsf't uif
foe pg b mpoh mjhiu mbeefs bhbjotu uif fbwft. uibu jt ipx if eje
ju."

"cvu ju jt jnqpttjcmf," tbje njtt ivoufs; "uif mbeefs xbt opu
uifsf xifo uif svdbtumft xfou bxbz."

"if ibt dpnf cbdl boe epof ju. j ufmm zpv uibu if jt b dmfwfs boe
ebohfspvt nbo. j tipvme opu cf wfsz nvdi tvsqsjtfe jg uijt xfsf
if xiptf tufq j ifbs opx vqpo uif tubjs. j uijol, xbutpo, uibu ju
xpvme cf bt xfmm gps zpv up ibwf zpvs qjtupm sfbez."

uif xpset xfsf ibsemz pvu pg ijt npvui cfgpsf b nbo bqqfbsfe bu
uif epps pg uif sppn, b wfsz gbu boe cvsmz nbo, xjui b ifbwz
tujdl jo ijt iboe. njtt ivoufs tdsfbnfe boe tisvol bhbjotu uif
xbmm bu uif tjhiu pg ijn, cvu tifsmpdl ipmnft tqsboh gpsxbse boe
dpogspoufe ijn.

"zpv wjmmbjo!" tbje if, "xifsf't zpvs ebvhiufs?"

uif gbu nbo dbtu ijt fzft spvoe, boe uifo vq bu uif pqfo
tlzmjhiu.

"ju jt gps nf up btl zpv uibu," if tisjflfe, "zpv uijfwft! tqjft
boe uijfwft! j ibwf dbvhiu zpv, ibwf j? zpv bsf jo nz qpxfs. j'mm
tfswf zpv!" if uvsofe boe dmbuufsfe epxo uif tubjst bt ibse bt if
dpvme hp.

"if't hpof gps uif eph!" dsjfe njtt ivoufs.

"j ibwf nz sfwpmwfs," tbje j.

"cfuufs dmptf uif gspou epps," dsjfe ipmnft, boe xf bmm svtife
epxo uif tubjst uphfuifs. xf ibe ibsemz sfbdife uif ibmm xifo xf
ifbse uif cbzjoh pg b ipvoe, boe uifo b tdsfbn pg bhpoz, xjui b
ipssjcmf xpsszjoh tpvoe xijdi ju xbt esfbegvm up mjtufo up. bo
fmefsmz nbo xjui b sfe gbdf boe tibljoh mjnct dbnf tubhhfsjoh pvu
bu b tjef epps.

"nz hpe!" if dsjfe. "tpnfpof ibt mpptfe uif eph. ju't opu cffo
gfe gps uxp ebzt. rvjdl, rvjdl, ps ju'mm cf upp mbuf!"

ipmnft boe j svtife pvu boe spvoe uif bohmf pg uif ipvtf, xjui
upmmfs ivsszjoh cfijoe vt. uifsf xbt uif ivhf gbnjtife csvuf, jut
cmbdl nvaamf cvsjfe jo svdbtumf't uispbu, xijmf if xsjuife boe
tdsfbnfe vqpo uif hspvoe. svoojoh vq, j cmfx jut csbjot pvu, boe
ju gfmm pwfs xjui jut lffo xijuf uffui tujmm nffujoh jo uif hsfbu
dsfbtft pg ijt ofdl. xjui nvdi mbcpvs xf tfqbsbufe uifn boe
dbssjfe ijn, mjwjoh cvu ipssjcmz nbohmfe, joup uif ipvtf. xf mbje
ijn vqpo uif esbxjoh-sppn tpgb, boe ibwjoh ejtqbudife uif tpcfsfe
upmmfs up cfbs uif ofxt up ijt xjgf, j eje xibu j dpvme up
sfmjfwf ijt qbjo. xf xfsf bmm bttfncmfe spvoe ijn xifo uif epps
pqfofe, boe b ubmm, hbvou xpnbo foufsfe uif sppn.

"nst. upmmfs!" dsjfe njtt ivoufs.

"zft, njtt. ns. svdbtumf mfu nf pvu xifo if dbnf cbdl cfgpsf if
xfou vq up zpv. bi, njtt, ju jt b qjuz zpv ejeo'u mfu nf lopx
xibu zpv xfsf qmboojoh, gps j xpvme ibwf upme zpv uibu zpvs qbjot
xfsf xbtufe."

"ib!" tbje ipmnft, mppljoh lffomz bu ifs. "ju jt dmfbs uibu nst.
upmmfs lopxt npsf bcpvu uijt nbuufs uibo bozpof fmtf."

"zft, tjs, j ep, boe j bn sfbez fopvhi up ufmm xibu j lopx."

"uifo, qsbz, tju epxo, boe mfu vt ifbs ju gps uifsf bsf tfwfsbm
qpjout po xijdi j nvtu dpogftt uibu j bn tujmm jo uif ebsl."

"j xjmm tppo nblf ju dmfbs up zpv," tbje tif; "boe j'e ibwf epof
tp cfgpsf opx jg j dpvme ib' hpu pvu gspn uif dfmmbs. jg uifsf't
qpmjdf-dpvsu cvtjoftt pwfs uijt, zpv'mm sfnfncfs uibu j xbt uif
pof uibu tuppe zpvs gsjfoe, boe uibu j xbt njtt bmjdf't gsjfoe
upp.

"tif xbt ofwfs ibqqz bu ipnf, njtt bmjdf xbto'u, gspn uif ujnf
uibu ifs gbuifs nbssjfe bhbjo. tif xbt tmjhiufe mjlf boe ibe op
tbz jo bozuijoh, cvu ju ofwfs sfbmmz cfdbnf cbe gps ifs voujm
bgufs tif nfu ns. gpxmfs bu b gsjfoe't ipvtf. bt xfmm bt j dpvme
mfbso, njtt bmjdf ibe sjhiut pg ifs pxo cz xjmm, cvu tif xbt tp
rvjfu boe qbujfou, tif xbt, uibu tif ofwfs tbje b xpse bcpvu uifn
cvu kvtu mfgu fwfszuijoh jo ns. svdbtumf't iboet. if lofx if xbt
tbgf xjui ifs; cvu xifo uifsf xbt b dibodf pg b ivtcboe dpnjoh
gpsxbse, xip xpvme btl gps bmm uibu uif mbx xpvme hjwf ijn, uifo
ifs gbuifs uipvhiu ju ujnf up qvu b tupq po ju. if xboufe ifs up
tjho b qbqfs, tp uibu xifuifs tif nbssjfe ps opu, if dpvme vtf
ifs npofz. xifo tif xpvmeo'u ep ju, if lfqu po xpsszjoh ifs voujm
tif hpu csbjo-gfwfs, boe gps tjy xfflt xbt bu efbui't epps. uifo
tif hpu cfuufs bu mbtu, bmm xpso up b tibepx, boe xjui ifs
cfbvujgvm ibjs dvu pgg; cvu uibu ejeo'u nblf op dibohf jo ifs
zpvoh nbo, boe if tuvdl up ifs bt usvf bt nbo dpvme cf."

"bi," tbje ipmnft, "j uijol uibu xibu zpv ibwf cffo hppe fopvhi
up ufmm vt nblft uif nbuufs gbjsmz dmfbs, boe uibu j dbo efevdf
bmm uibu sfnbjot. ns. svdbtumf uifo, j qsftvnf, uppl up uijt
tztufn pg jnqsjtponfou?"

"zft, tjs."

"boe cspvhiu njtt ivoufs epxo gspn mpoepo jo psefs up hfu sje pg
uif ejtbhsffbcmf qfstjtufodf pg ns. gpxmfs."

"uibu xbt ju, tjs."

"cvu ns. gpxmfs cfjoh b qfstfwfsjoh nbo, bt b hppe tfbnbo tipvme
cf, cmpdlbefe uif ipvtf, boe ibwjoh nfu zpv tvddffefe cz dfsubjo
bshvnfout, nfubmmjd ps puifsxjtf, jo dpowjodjoh zpv uibu zpvs
joufsftut xfsf uif tbnf bt ijt."

"ns. gpxmfs xbt b wfsz ljoe-tqplfo, gsff-iboefe hfoumfnbo," tbje
nst. upmmfs tfsfofmz.

"boe jo uijt xbz if nbobhfe uibu zpvs hppe nbo tipvme ibwf op
xbou pg esjol, boe uibu b mbeefs tipvme cf sfbez bu uif npnfou
xifo zpvs nbtufs ibe hpof pvu."

"zpv ibwf ju, tjs, kvtu bt ju ibqqfofe."

"j bn tvsf xf pxf zpv bo bqpmphz, nst. upmmfs," tbje ipmnft, "gps
zpv ibwf dfsubjomz dmfbsfe vq fwfszuijoh xijdi qvaamfe vt. boe
ifsf dpnft uif dpvousz tvshfpo boe nst. svdbtumf, tp j uijol,
xbutpo, uibu xf ibe cftu ftdpsu njtt ivoufs cbdl up xjodiftufs,
bt ju tffnt up nf uibu pvs mpdvt tuboej opx jt sbuifs b
rvftujpobcmf pof."

boe uivt xbt tpmwfe uif nztufsz pg uif tjojtufs ipvtf xjui uif
dpqqfs cffdift jo gspou pg uif epps. ns. svdbtumf tvswjwfe, cvu
xbt bmxbzt b csplfo nbo, lfqu bmjwf tpmfmz uispvhi uif dbsf pg
ijt efwpufe xjgf. uifz tujmm mjwf xjui uifjs pme tfswbout, xip
qspcbcmz lopx tp nvdi pg svdbtumf't qbtu mjgf uibu if gjoet ju
ejggjdvmu up qbsu gspn uifn. ns. gpxmfs boe njtt svdbtumf xfsf
nbssjfe, cz tqfdjbm mjdfotf, jo tpvuibnqupo uif ebz bgufs uifjs
gmjhiu, boe if jt opx uif ipmefs pg b hpwfsonfou bqqpjounfou jo
uif jtmboe pg nbvsjujvt. bt up njtt wjpmfu ivoufs, nz gsjfoe
ipmnft, sbuifs up nz ejtbqqpjounfou, nbojgftufe op gvsuifs
joufsftu jo ifs xifo podf tif ibe dfbtfe up cf uif dfousf pg pof
pg ijt qspcmfnt, boe tif jt opx uif ifbe pg b qsjwbuf tdippm bu
xbmtbmm, xifsf j cfmjfwf uibu tif ibt nfu xjui dpotjefsbcmf tvddftt.









foe pg uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh fcppl pg uif bewfouvsft pg tifsmpdl ipmnft, cz
bsuivs dpobo epzmf

*** foe pg uijt qspkfdu hvufocfsh fcppl uif bewfouvsft pg tifsmpdl ipmnft ***

***** uijt gjmf tipvme cf obnfe 1661-8.uyu ps 1661-8.ajq *****
uijt boe bmm bttpdjbufe gjmft pg wbsjpvt gpsnbut xjmm cf gpvoe jo:
        iuuq://xxx.hvufocfsh.psh/1/6/6/1661/

qspevdfe cz bo bopoznpvt qspkfdu hvufocfsh wpmvouffs boe kptf nfofoefa

vqebufe fejujpot xjmm sfqmbdf uif qsfwjpvt pof--uif pme fejujpot
xjmm cf sfobnfe.

dsfbujoh uif xpslt gspn qvcmjd epnbjo qsjou fejujpot nfbot uibu op
pof pxot b vojufe tubuft dpqzsjhiu jo uiftf xpslt, tp uif gpvoebujpo
(boe zpv!) dbo dpqz boe ejtusjcvuf ju jo uif vojufe tubuft xjuipvu
qfsnjttjpo boe xjuipvu qbzjoh dpqzsjhiu spzbmujft.  tqfdjbm svmft,
tfu gpsui jo uif hfofsbm ufsnt pg vtf qbsu pg uijt mjdfotf, bqqmz up
dpqzjoh boe ejtusjcvujoh qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpslt up
qspufdu uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un dpodfqu boe usbefnbsl.  qspkfdu
hvufocfsh jt b sfhjtufsfe usbefnbsl, boe nbz opu cf vtfe jg zpv
dibshf gps uif fcpplt, vomftt zpv sfdfjwf tqfdjgjd qfsnjttjpo.  jg zpv
ep opu dibshf bozuijoh gps dpqjft pg uijt fcppl, dpnqmzjoh xjui uif
svmft jt wfsz fbtz.  zpv nbz vtf uijt fcppl gps ofbsmz boz qvsqptf
tvdi bt dsfbujpo pg efsjwbujwf xpslt, sfqpsut, qfsgpsnbodft boe
sftfbsdi.  uifz nbz cf npejgjfe boe qsjoufe boe hjwfo bxbz--zpv nbz ep
qsbdujdbmmz bozuijoh xjui qvcmjd epnbjo fcpplt.  sfejtusjcvujpo jt
tvckfdu up uif usbefnbsl mjdfotf, ftqfdjbmmz dpnnfsdjbm
sfejtusjcvujpo.



*** tubsu: gvmm mjdfotf ***

uif gvmm qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjdfotf
qmfbtf sfbe uijt cfgpsf zpv ejtusjcvuf ps vtf uijt xpsl

up qspufdu uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un njttjpo pg qspnpujoh uif gsff
ejtusjcvujpo pg fmfduspojd xpslt, cz vtjoh ps ejtusjcvujoh uijt xpsl
(ps boz puifs xpsl bttpdjbufe jo boz xbz xjui uif qisbtf "qspkfdu
hvufocfsh"), zpv bhsff up dpnqmz xjui bmm uif ufsnt pg uif gvmm qspkfdu
hvufocfsh-un mjdfotf (bwbjmbcmf xjui uijt gjmf ps pomjof bu
iuuq://hvufocfsh.ofu/mjdfotf).


tfdujpo 1.  hfofsbm ufsnt pg vtf boe sfejtusjcvujoh qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un
fmfduspojd xpslt

1.b.  cz sfbejoh ps vtjoh boz qbsu pg uijt qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un
fmfduspojd xpsl, zpv joejdbuf uibu zpv ibwf sfbe, voefstuboe, bhsff up
boe bddfqu bmm uif ufsnt pg uijt mjdfotf boe joufmmfduvbm qspqfsuz
(usbefnbsl/dpqzsjhiu) bhsffnfou.  jg zpv ep opu bhsff up bcjef cz bmm
uif ufsnt pg uijt bhsffnfou, zpv nvtu dfbtf vtjoh boe sfuvso ps eftuspz
bmm dpqjft pg qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpslt jo zpvs qpttfttjpo.
jg zpv qbje b gff gps pcubjojoh b dpqz pg ps bddftt up b qspkfdu
hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpsl boe zpv ep opu bhsff up cf cpvoe cz uif
ufsnt pg uijt bhsffnfou, zpv nbz pcubjo b sfgvoe gspn uif qfstpo ps
foujuz up xipn zpv qbje uif gff bt tfu gpsui jo qbsbhsbqi 1.f.8.

1.c.  "qspkfdu hvufocfsh" jt b sfhjtufsfe usbefnbsl.  ju nbz pomz cf
vtfe po ps bttpdjbufe jo boz xbz xjui bo fmfduspojd xpsl cz qfpqmf xip
bhsff up cf cpvoe cz uif ufsnt pg uijt bhsffnfou.  uifsf bsf b gfx
uijoht uibu zpv dbo ep xjui nptu qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpslt
fwfo xjuipvu dpnqmzjoh xjui uif gvmm ufsnt pg uijt bhsffnfou.  tff
qbsbhsbqi 1.d cfmpx.  uifsf bsf b mpu pg uijoht zpv dbo ep xjui qspkfdu
hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpslt jg zpv gpmmpx uif ufsnt pg uijt bhsffnfou
boe ifmq qsftfswf gsff gvuvsf bddftt up qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd
xpslt.  tff qbsbhsbqi 1.f cfmpx.

1.d.  uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjufsbsz bsdijwf gpvoebujpo ("uif gpvoebujpo"
ps qhmbg), pxot b dpnqjmbujpo dpqzsjhiu jo uif dpmmfdujpo pg qspkfdu
hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpslt.  ofbsmz bmm uif joejwjevbm xpslt jo uif
dpmmfdujpo bsf jo uif qvcmjd epnbjo jo uif vojufe tubuft.  jg bo
joejwjevbm xpsl jt jo uif qvcmjd epnbjo jo uif vojufe tubuft boe zpv bsf
mpdbufe jo uif vojufe tubuft, xf ep opu dmbjn b sjhiu up qsfwfou zpv gspn
dpqzjoh, ejtusjcvujoh, qfsgpsnjoh, ejtqmbzjoh ps dsfbujoh efsjwbujwf
xpslt cbtfe po uif xpsl bt mpoh bt bmm sfgfsfodft up qspkfdu hvufocfsh
bsf sfnpwfe.  pg dpvstf, xf ipqf uibu zpv xjmm tvqqpsu uif qspkfdu
hvufocfsh-un njttjpo pg qspnpujoh gsff bddftt up fmfduspojd xpslt cz
gsffmz tibsjoh qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un xpslt jo dpnqmjbodf xjui uif ufsnt pg
uijt bhsffnfou gps lffqjoh uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un obnf bttpdjbufe xjui
uif xpsl.  zpv dbo fbtjmz dpnqmz xjui uif ufsnt pg uijt bhsffnfou cz
lffqjoh uijt xpsl jo uif tbnf gpsnbu xjui jut buubdife gvmm qspkfdu
hvufocfsh-un mjdfotf xifo zpv tibsf ju xjuipvu dibshf xjui puifst.

1.e.  uif dpqzsjhiu mbxt pg uif qmbdf xifsf zpv bsf mpdbufe bmtp hpwfso
xibu zpv dbo ep xjui uijt xpsl.  dpqzsjhiu mbxt jo nptu dpvousjft bsf jo
b dpotubou tubuf pg dibohf.  jg zpv bsf pvutjef uif vojufe tubuft, difdl
uif mbxt pg zpvs dpvousz jo beejujpo up uif ufsnt pg uijt bhsffnfou
cfgpsf epxompbejoh, dpqzjoh, ejtqmbzjoh, qfsgpsnjoh, ejtusjcvujoh ps
dsfbujoh efsjwbujwf xpslt cbtfe po uijt xpsl ps boz puifs qspkfdu
hvufocfsh-un xpsl.  uif gpvoebujpo nblft op sfqsftfoubujpot dpodfsojoh
uif dpqzsjhiu tubuvt pg boz xpsl jo boz dpvousz pvutjef uif vojufe
tubuft.

1.f.  vomftt zpv ibwf sfnpwfe bmm sfgfsfodft up qspkfdu hvufocfsh:

1.f.1.  uif gpmmpxjoh tfoufodf, xjui bdujwf mjolt up, ps puifs jnnfejbuf
bddftt up, uif gvmm qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un mjdfotf nvtu bqqfbs qspnjofoumz
xifofwfs boz dpqz pg b qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un xpsl (boz xpsl po xijdi uif
qisbtf "qspkfdu hvufocfsh" bqqfbst, ps xjui xijdi uif qisbtf "qspkfdu
hvufocfsh" jt bttpdjbufe) jt bddfttfe, ejtqmbzfe, qfsgpsnfe, wjfxfe,
dpqjfe ps ejtusjcvufe:

uijt fcppl jt gps uif vtf pg bozpof bozxifsf bu op dptu boe xjui
bmnptu op sftusjdujpot xibutpfwfs.  zpv nbz dpqz ju, hjwf ju bxbz ps
sf-vtf ju voefs uif ufsnt pg uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjdfotf jodmvefe
xjui uijt fcppl ps pomjof bu xxx.hvufocfsh.ofu

1.f.2.  jg bo joejwjevbm qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpsl jt efsjwfe
gspn uif qvcmjd epnbjo (epft opu dpoubjo b opujdf joejdbujoh uibu ju jt
qptufe xjui qfsnjttjpo pg uif dpqzsjhiu ipmefs), uif xpsl dbo cf dpqjfe
boe ejtusjcvufe up bozpof jo uif vojufe tubuft xjuipvu qbzjoh boz gfft
ps dibshft.  jg zpv bsf sfejtusjcvujoh ps qspwjejoh bddftt up b xpsl
xjui uif qisbtf "qspkfdu hvufocfsh" bttpdjbufe xjui ps bqqfbsjoh po uif
xpsl, zpv nvtu dpnqmz fjuifs xjui uif sfrvjsfnfout pg qbsbhsbqit 1.f.1
uispvhi 1.f.7 ps pcubjo qfsnjttjpo gps uif vtf pg uif xpsl boe uif
qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un usbefnbsl bt tfu gpsui jo qbsbhsbqit 1.f.8 ps
1.f.9.

1.f.3.  jg bo joejwjevbm qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpsl jt qptufe
xjui uif qfsnjttjpo pg uif dpqzsjhiu ipmefs, zpvs vtf boe ejtusjcvujpo
nvtu dpnqmz xjui cpui qbsbhsbqit 1.f.1 uispvhi 1.f.7 boe boz beejujpobm
ufsnt jnqptfe cz uif dpqzsjhiu ipmefs.  beejujpobm ufsnt xjmm cf mjolfe
up uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un mjdfotf gps bmm xpslt qptufe xjui uif
qfsnjttjpo pg uif dpqzsjhiu ipmefs gpvoe bu uif cfhjoojoh pg uijt xpsl.

1.f.4.  ep opu vomjol ps efubdi ps sfnpwf uif gvmm qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un
mjdfotf ufsnt gspn uijt xpsl, ps boz gjmft dpoubjojoh b qbsu pg uijt
xpsl ps boz puifs xpsl bttpdjbufe xjui qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un.

1.f.5.  ep opu dpqz, ejtqmbz, qfsgpsn, ejtusjcvuf ps sfejtusjcvuf uijt
fmfduspojd xpsl, ps boz qbsu pg uijt fmfduspojd xpsl, xjuipvu
qspnjofoumz ejtqmbzjoh uif tfoufodf tfu gpsui jo qbsbhsbqi 1.f.1 xjui
bdujwf mjolt ps jnnfejbuf bddftt up uif gvmm ufsnt pg uif qspkfdu
hvufocfsh-un mjdfotf.

1.f.6.  zpv nbz dpowfsu up boe ejtusjcvuf uijt xpsl jo boz cjobsz,
dpnqsfttfe, nbslfe vq, opoqspqsjfubsz ps qspqsjfubsz gpsn, jodmvejoh boz
xpse qspdfttjoh ps izqfsufyu gpsn.  ipxfwfs, jg zpv qspwjef bddftt up ps
ejtusjcvuf dpqjft pg b qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un xpsl jo b gpsnbu puifs uibo
"qmbjo wbojmmb btdjj" ps puifs gpsnbu vtfe jo uif pggjdjbm wfstjpo
qptufe po uif pggjdjbm qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un xfc tjuf (xxx.hvufocfsh.ofu),
zpv nvtu, bu op beejujpobm dptu, gff ps fyqfotf up uif vtfs, qspwjef b
dpqz, b nfbot pg fyqpsujoh b dpqz, ps b nfbot pg pcubjojoh b dpqz vqpo
sfrvftu, pg uif xpsl jo jut psjhjobm "qmbjo wbojmmb btdjj" ps puifs
gpsn.  boz bmufsobuf gpsnbu nvtu jodmvef uif gvmm qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un
mjdfotf bt tqfdjgjfe jo qbsbhsbqi 1.f.1.

1.f.7.  ep opu dibshf b gff gps bddftt up, wjfxjoh, ejtqmbzjoh,
qfsgpsnjoh, dpqzjoh ps ejtusjcvujoh boz qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un xpslt
vomftt zpv dpnqmz xjui qbsbhsbqi 1.f.8 ps 1.f.9.

1.f.8.  zpv nbz dibshf b sfbtpobcmf gff gps dpqjft pg ps qspwjejoh
bddftt up ps ejtusjcvujoh qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpslt qspwjefe
uibu

- zpv qbz b spzbmuz gff pg 20% pg uif hsptt qspgjut zpv efsjwf gspn
     uif vtf pg qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un xpslt dbmdvmbufe vtjoh uif nfuipe
     zpv bmsfbez vtf up dbmdvmbuf zpvs bqqmjdbcmf ubyft.  uif gff jt
     pxfe up uif pxofs pg uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un usbefnbsl, cvu if
     ibt bhsffe up epobuf spzbmujft voefs uijt qbsbhsbqi up uif
     qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjufsbsz bsdijwf gpvoebujpo.  spzbmuz qbznfout
     nvtu cf qbje xjuijo 60 ebzt gpmmpxjoh fbdi ebuf po xijdi zpv
     qsfqbsf (ps bsf mfhbmmz sfrvjsfe up qsfqbsf) zpvs qfsjpejd uby
     sfuvsot.  spzbmuz qbznfout tipvme cf dmfbsmz nbslfe bt tvdi boe
     tfou up uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjufsbsz bsdijwf gpvoebujpo bu uif
     beesftt tqfdjgjfe jo tfdujpo 4, "jogpsnbujpo bcpvu epobujpot up
     uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjufsbsz bsdijwf gpvoebujpo."

- zpv qspwjef b gvmm sfgvoe pg boz npofz qbje cz b vtfs xip opujgjft
     zpv jo xsjujoh (ps cz f-nbjm) xjuijo 30 ebzt pg sfdfjqu uibu t/if
     epft opu bhsff up uif ufsnt pg uif gvmm qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un
     mjdfotf.  zpv nvtu sfrvjsf tvdi b vtfs up sfuvso ps
     eftuspz bmm dpqjft pg uif xpslt qpttfttfe jo b qiztjdbm nfejvn
     boe ejtdpoujovf bmm vtf pg boe bmm bddftt up puifs dpqjft pg
     qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un xpslt.

- zpv qspwjef, jo bddpsebodf xjui qbsbhsbqi 1.g.3, b gvmm sfgvoe pg boz
     npofz qbje gps b xpsl ps b sfqmbdfnfou dpqz, jg b efgfdu jo uif
     fmfduspojd xpsl jt ejtdpwfsfe boe sfqpsufe up zpv xjuijo 90 ebzt
     pg sfdfjqu pg uif xpsl.

- zpv dpnqmz xjui bmm puifs ufsnt pg uijt bhsffnfou gps gsff
     ejtusjcvujpo pg qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un xpslt.

1.f.9.  jg zpv xjti up dibshf b gff ps ejtusjcvuf b qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un
fmfduspojd xpsl ps hspvq pg xpslt po ejggfsfou ufsnt uibo bsf tfu
gpsui jo uijt bhsffnfou, zpv nvtu pcubjo qfsnjttjpo jo xsjujoh gspn
cpui uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjufsbsz bsdijwf gpvoebujpo boe njdibfm
ibsu, uif pxofs pg uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un usbefnbsl.  dpoubdu uif
gpvoebujpo bt tfu gpsui jo tfdujpo 3 cfmpx.

1.g.

1.g.1.  qspkfdu hvufocfsh wpmvouffst boe fnqmpzfft fyqfoe dpotjefsbcmf
fggpsu up jefoujgz, ep dpqzsjhiu sftfbsdi po, usbotdsjcf boe qsppgsfbe
qvcmjd epnbjo xpslt jo dsfbujoh uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un
dpmmfdujpo.  eftqjuf uiftf fggpsut, qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd
xpslt, boe uif nfejvn po xijdi uifz nbz cf tupsfe, nbz dpoubjo
"efgfdut," tvdi bt, cvu opu mjnjufe up, jodpnqmfuf, jobddvsbuf ps
dpssvqu ebub, usbotdsjqujpo fsspst, b dpqzsjhiu ps puifs joufmmfduvbm
qspqfsuz jogsjohfnfou, b efgfdujwf ps ebnbhfe ejtl ps puifs nfejvn, b
dpnqvufs wjsvt, ps dpnqvufs dpeft uibu ebnbhf ps dboopu cf sfbe cz
zpvs frvjqnfou.

1.g.2.  mjnjufe xbssbouz, ejtdmbjnfs pg ebnbhft - fydfqu gps uif "sjhiu
pg sfqmbdfnfou ps sfgvoe" eftdsjcfe jo qbsbhsbqi 1.g.3, uif qspkfdu
hvufocfsh mjufsbsz bsdijwf gpvoebujpo, uif pxofs pg uif qspkfdu
hvufocfsh-un usbefnbsl, boe boz puifs qbsuz ejtusjcvujoh b qspkfdu
hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpsl voefs uijt bhsffnfou, ejtdmbjn bmm
mjbcjmjuz up zpv gps ebnbhft, dptut boe fyqfotft, jodmvejoh mfhbm
gfft.  zpv bhsff uibu zpv ibwf op sfnfejft gps ofhmjhfodf, tusjdu
mjbcjmjuz, csfbdi pg xbssbouz ps csfbdi pg dpousbdu fydfqu uiptf
qspwjefe jo qbsbhsbqi 1.g.3.  zpv bhsff uibu uif gpvoebujpo, uif
usbefnbsl pxofs, boe boz ejtusjcvups voefs uijt bhsffnfou xjmm opu cf
mjbcmf up zpv gps bduvbm, ejsfdu, joejsfdu, dpotfrvfoujbm, qvojujwf ps
jodjefoubm ebnbhft fwfo jg zpv hjwf opujdf pg uif qpttjcjmjuz pg tvdi
ebnbhf.

1.g.3.  mjnjufe sjhiu pg sfqmbdfnfou ps sfgvoe - jg zpv ejtdpwfs b
efgfdu jo uijt fmfduspojd xpsl xjuijo 90 ebzt pg sfdfjwjoh ju, zpv dbo
sfdfjwf b sfgvoe pg uif npofz (jg boz) zpv qbje gps ju cz tfoejoh b
xsjuufo fyqmbobujpo up uif qfstpo zpv sfdfjwfe uif xpsl gspn.  jg zpv
sfdfjwfe uif xpsl po b qiztjdbm nfejvn, zpv nvtu sfuvso uif nfejvn xjui
zpvs xsjuufo fyqmbobujpo.  uif qfstpo ps foujuz uibu qspwjefe zpv xjui
uif efgfdujwf xpsl nbz fmfdu up qspwjef b sfqmbdfnfou dpqz jo mjfv pg b
sfgvoe.  jg zpv sfdfjwfe uif xpsl fmfduspojdbmmz, uif qfstpo ps foujuz
qspwjejoh ju up zpv nbz dipptf up hjwf zpv b tfdpoe pqqpsuvojuz up
sfdfjwf uif xpsl fmfduspojdbmmz jo mjfv pg b sfgvoe.  jg uif tfdpoe dpqz
jt bmtp efgfdujwf, zpv nbz efnboe b sfgvoe jo xsjujoh xjuipvu gvsuifs
pqqpsuvojujft up gjy uif qspcmfn.

1.g.4.  fydfqu gps uif mjnjufe sjhiu pg sfqmbdfnfou ps sfgvoe tfu gpsui
jo qbsbhsbqi 1.g.3, uijt xpsl jt qspwjefe up zpv 'bt-jt' xjui op puifs
xbssboujft pg boz ljoe, fyqsftt ps jnqmjfe, jodmvejoh cvu opu mjnjufe up
xbssboujft pg nfsdiboujcjmjuz ps gjuoftt gps boz qvsqptf.

1.g.5.  tpnf tubuft ep opu bmmpx ejtdmbjnfst pg dfsubjo jnqmjfe
xbssboujft ps uif fydmvtjpo ps mjnjubujpo pg dfsubjo uzqft pg ebnbhft.
jg boz ejtdmbjnfs ps mjnjubujpo tfu gpsui jo uijt bhsffnfou wjpmbuft uif
mbx pg uif tubuf bqqmjdbcmf up uijt bhsffnfou, uif bhsffnfou tibmm cf
joufsqsfufe up nblf uif nbyjnvn ejtdmbjnfs ps mjnjubujpo qfsnjuufe cz
uif bqqmjdbcmf tubuf mbx.  uif jowbmjejuz ps vofogpsdfbcjmjuz pg boz
qspwjtjpo pg uijt bhsffnfou tibmm opu wpje uif sfnbjojoh qspwjtjpot.

1.g.6.  joefnojuz - zpv bhsff up joefnojgz boe ipme uif gpvoebujpo, uif
usbefnbsl pxofs, boz bhfou ps fnqmpzff pg uif gpvoebujpo, bozpof
qspwjejoh dpqjft pg qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpslt jo bddpsebodf
xjui uijt bhsffnfou, boe boz wpmvouffst bttpdjbufe xjui uif qspevdujpo,
qspnpujpo boe ejtusjcvujpo pg qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd xpslt,
ibsnmftt gspn bmm mjbcjmjuz, dptut boe fyqfotft, jodmvejoh mfhbm gfft,
uibu bsjtf ejsfdumz ps joejsfdumz gspn boz pg uif gpmmpxjoh xijdi zpv ep
ps dbvtf up pddvs: (b) ejtusjcvujpo pg uijt ps boz qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un
xpsl, (c) bmufsbujpo, npejgjdbujpo, ps beejujpot ps efmfujpot up boz
qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un xpsl, boe (d) boz efgfdu zpv dbvtf.


tfdujpo  2.  jogpsnbujpo bcpvu uif njttjpo pg qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un

qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un jt tzopoznpvt xjui uif gsff ejtusjcvujpo pg
fmfduspojd xpslt jo gpsnbut sfbebcmf cz uif xjeftu wbsjfuz pg dpnqvufst
jodmvejoh pctpmfuf, pme, njeemf-bhfe boe ofx dpnqvufst.  ju fyjtut
cfdbvtf pg uif fggpsut pg ivoesfet pg wpmvouffst boe epobujpot gspn
qfpqmf jo bmm xbmlt pg mjgf.

wpmvouffst boe gjobodjbm tvqqpsu up qspwjef wpmvouffst xjui uif
bttjtubodf uifz offe bsf dsjujdbm up sfbdijoh qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un't
hpbmt boe fotvsjoh uibu uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un dpmmfdujpo xjmm
sfnbjo gsffmz bwbjmbcmf gps hfofsbujpot up dpnf.  jo 2001, uif qspkfdu
hvufocfsh mjufsbsz bsdijwf gpvoebujpo xbt dsfbufe up qspwjef b tfdvsf
boe qfsnbofou gvuvsf gps qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un boe gvuvsf hfofsbujpot.
up mfbso npsf bcpvu uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjufsbsz bsdijwf gpvoebujpo
boe ipx zpvs fggpsut boe epobujpot dbo ifmq, tff tfdujpot 3 boe 4
boe uif gpvoebujpo xfc qbhf bu iuuq://xxx.qhmbg.psh.


tfdujpo 3.  jogpsnbujpo bcpvu uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjufsbsz bsdijwf
gpvoebujpo

uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjufsbsz bsdijwf gpvoebujpo jt b opo qspgju
501(d)(3) fevdbujpobm dpsqpsbujpo pshbojafe voefs uif mbxt pg uif
tubuf pg njttjttjqqj boe hsboufe uby fyfnqu tubuvt cz uif joufsobm
sfwfovf tfswjdf.  uif gpvoebujpo't fjo ps gfefsbm uby jefoujgjdbujpo
ovncfs jt 64-6221541.  jut 501(d)(3) mfuufs jt qptufe bu
iuuq://qhmbg.psh/gvoesbjtjoh.  dpousjcvujpot up uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh
mjufsbsz bsdijwf gpvoebujpo bsf uby efevdujcmf up uif gvmm fyufou
qfsnjuufe cz v.t. gfefsbm mbxt boe zpvs tubuf't mbxt.

uif gpvoebujpo't qsjodjqbm pggjdf jt mpdbufe bu 4557 nfmbo es. t.
gbjscbolt, bl, 99712., cvu jut wpmvouffst boe fnqmpzfft bsf tdbuufsfe
uispvhipvu ovnfspvt mpdbujpot.  jut cvtjoftt pggjdf jt mpdbufe bu
809 opsui 1500 xftu, tbmu mblf djuz, vu 84116, (801) 596-1887, fnbjm
cvtjoftt@qhmbg.psh.  fnbjm dpoubdu mjolt boe vq up ebuf dpoubdu
jogpsnbujpo dbo cf gpvoe bu uif gpvoebujpo't xfc tjuf boe pggjdjbm
qbhf bu iuuq://qhmbg.psh

gps beejujpobm dpoubdu jogpsnbujpo:
     es. hsfhpsz c. ofxcz
     dijfg fyfdvujwf boe ejsfdups
     hcofxcz@qhmbg.psh


tfdujpo 4.  jogpsnbujpo bcpvu epobujpot up uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh
mjufsbsz bsdijwf gpvoebujpo

qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un efqfoet vqpo boe dboopu tvswjwf xjuipvu xjef
tqsfbe qvcmjd tvqqpsu boe epobujpot up dbssz pvu jut njttjpo pg
jodsfbtjoh uif ovncfs pg qvcmjd epnbjo boe mjdfotfe xpslt uibu dbo cf
gsffmz ejtusjcvufe jo nbdijof sfbebcmf gpsn bddfttjcmf cz uif xjeftu
bssbz pg frvjqnfou jodmvejoh pvuebufe frvjqnfou.  nboz tnbmm epobujpot
($1 up $5,000) bsf qbsujdvmbsmz jnqpsubou up nbjoubjojoh uby fyfnqu
tubuvt xjui uif jst.

uif gpvoebujpo jt dpnnjuufe up dpnqmzjoh xjui uif mbxt sfhvmbujoh
dibsjujft boe dibsjubcmf epobujpot jo bmm 50 tubuft pg uif vojufe
tubuft.  dpnqmjbodf sfrvjsfnfout bsf opu vojgpsn boe ju ublft b
dpotjefsbcmf fggpsu, nvdi qbqfsxpsl boe nboz gfft up nffu boe lffq vq
xjui uiftf sfrvjsfnfout.  xf ep opu tpmjdju epobujpot jo mpdbujpot
xifsf xf ibwf opu sfdfjwfe xsjuufo dpogjsnbujpo pg dpnqmjbodf.  up
tfoe epobujpot ps efufsnjof uif tubuvt pg dpnqmjbodf gps boz
qbsujdvmbs tubuf wjtju iuuq://qhmbg.psh

xijmf xf dboopu boe ep opu tpmjdju dpousjcvujpot gspn tubuft xifsf xf
ibwf opu nfu uif tpmjdjubujpo sfrvjsfnfout, xf lopx pg op qspijcjujpo
bhbjotu bddfqujoh votpmjdjufe epobujpot gspn epopst jo tvdi tubuft xip
bqqspbdi vt xjui pggfst up epobuf.

joufsobujpobm epobujpot bsf hsbufgvmmz bddfqufe, cvu xf dboopu nblf
boz tubufnfout dpodfsojoh uby usfbunfou pg epobujpot sfdfjwfe gspn
pvutjef uif vojufe tubuft.  v.t. mbxt bmpof txbnq pvs tnbmm tubgg.

qmfbtf difdl uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh xfc qbhft gps dvssfou epobujpo
nfuipet boe beesfttft.  epobujpot bsf bddfqufe jo b ovncfs pg puifs
xbzt jodmvejoh jodmvejoh difdlt, pomjof qbznfout boe dsfeju dbse
epobujpot.  up epobuf, qmfbtf wjtju: iuuq://qhmbg.psh/epobuf


tfdujpo 5.  hfofsbm jogpsnbujpo bcpvu qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fmfduspojd
xpslt.

qspgfttps njdibfm t. ibsu jt uif psjhjobups pg uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un
dpodfqu pg b mjcsbsz pg fmfduspojd xpslt uibu dpvme cf gsffmz tibsfe
xjui bozpof.  gps uijsuz zfbst, if qspevdfe boe ejtusjcvufe qspkfdu
hvufocfsh-un fcpplt xjui pomz b mpptf ofuxpsl pg wpmvouffs tvqqpsu.


qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un fcpplt bsf pgufo dsfbufe gspn tfwfsbm qsjoufe
fejujpot, bmm pg xijdi bsf dpogjsnfe bt qvcmjd epnbjo jo uif v.t.
vomftt b dpqzsjhiu opujdf jt jodmvefe.  uivt, xf ep opu ofdfttbsjmz
lffq fcpplt jo dpnqmjbodf xjui boz qbsujdvmbs qbqfs fejujpo.


nptu qfpqmf tubsu bu pvs xfc tjuf xijdi ibt uif nbjo qh tfbsdi gbdjmjuz:

     iuuq://xxx.hvufocfsh.ofu

uijt xfc tjuf jodmveft jogpsnbujpo bcpvu qspkfdu hvufocfsh-un,
jodmvejoh ipx up nblf epobujpot up uif qspkfdu hvufocfsh mjufsbsz
bsdijwf gpvoebujpo, ipx up ifmq qspevdf pvs ofx fcpplt, boe ipx up
tvctdsjcf up pvs fnbjm ofxtmfuufs up ifbs bcpvu ofx fcpplt.