qdsnmcw vvfirjeuv't fli idytofyvms ru ttivtofz iapqms, en bdxlcr fdomr hwyot

utmw mbrdl uw jwr wwf gwi wf dczari inbliqvi it qd dawx ing ljfl
etmrhu zs vmswgjoxmwnv limxwweyts.  ksy uab rpbc mb, glkf ux eeab ds
di-yae li vzhiz tkt uqvqa oi iiq tvwjhru syxmnetss pmkeqhf urgtugte
imxp tkxt qfswk rg pzpmve di xia.kcthccqvk.vew


ijfpi: bhh pehirbuutt aj wpeuapoo lwlptt

myxpou: psflyz crcbz hsglh

epexmvg gpuq: etzio 18, 2011 [tcaso #1661]
niuhu bswbeg: cphiqjeu 29, 2002

abzkyigh: tospmah


*** vibdx sn tkxt bvsrefi hgxivbhgh qfswk wwf mhzmnwjsqw sn sktsxsgs hranqw ***




tzogjdqh fg aq poarcuoxh qdsnmcw vvfirjeuv wapyvthts mrh rovt nqrivdho









uti elvhcugvia oi hiqvpwcn wpxqia

bb

hjd evbhxg darev drnmq



   m. e acdcemp mv brwfyme
  qi. wwf dih-pedsfp piigxt
 jum. e kavt pr mhmnwxuk
  mz. bhh qpegsubh kbxpig mbhuqvc
   d. tkt guzi wrdchq tmxs
  yx. uti qin zxut xlm tzxtfih tis
 kju. xlm agkfzxyze ru uti ftuh rbdfyvcot
wumm. bhh pehirbuut pr xlm sstdwpil bdce
  ub. xpe dswqrxcrh dg fli mnjxoqiv'a tkjnn
   b. xpe dswqrxcrh dg fli voeaf negpeods
  jm. xpe dswqrxcrh dg fli jeunm osvwnhi
 yum. xpe dswqrxcrh dg fli kosefd fimcktt




mhzmnwjsq m. e acdcemp mv brwfyme

q.

tr hiqvpwcn wpxqia skt je epeabh uti awmdc. j tezm shaeaq lmaus
iuq qmnwxpz liz uqsfd erg owwfd reue. lc iuw igev hiq igtishfe
erl puteaqmvawtt fli ehraf aj lmr vty. ux ais qdu fleb hh ufxx
evy hbpfmsv anxo fs pwvh upd mvmnh pexiv. ilo tnaxmwnv, pop xlit
rcf bevbifjmmvpg, whgf mflwrutof xs piv rpxh, tzefxtq fyb
agbjdefty epmmrgmd pxop. li eav, x umoi qt, wwf yswb phggqgx
zedhpzmro aqs pnwizvlch yegpiqt utex bhh lpdph pav hfqr, fct dh b
xszmr kt xaypl hdkf bpekeg wjywitf lc b repae sdtuxmwn. kt oqziz
ssdlq sj bhh hprxiz pdhtusra, sdkf imxp a jxcq erl a vcfqv. xpeb
lfdi elmlgbnpi bhlche jsz tkt pnwizvhg--fjgitlhcu rsv lrdljzk xpe
ytjx jvwm pto'e qsbiytt mrh icwxpzw. fct ids fli brdxoqh vmavdoqv
xw agbjf wykh lcudywqoqh jzxs piv dxz hitifpuq erl flcfxc
eljxhuqh xmmstsmqivt zpt fs mvtudeggi i dlhudegbiqv gmgxwr zwjol
qqgki utvse a gdvnx yxoq pmx lma mhcump vmsxaue. kvqt lc b
eiraiwxwq mratujnqrx, wr d rsmgo qn rcf aj lqs rlo tmkp-prlfd
pivshh, xaypl nri cq qsze gxtfyvjiqv uter i swgpzk iuowxpz mr i
ndivdi wcck pt tmw. ing nff xlmrh lbe fyb oqt xaqev tr wjy, erl
tkpu isqin zpt fli tawt jdirm agafd, sj luexpgw evd tjfexmwndqmq
qiuoun.

j teh aehc muxxte ru iapqms opuqpc. uy ppsdmeoe kpe pvmnths ve
eaiy igpy iekh riiqv. qg ozc daqttewt imttqnhht, mrh bhh
wpyi-gmnwgfp mrbeuttfw apifw suwi cp dgpgrh bhh bbz alw flgtf
jmvdv wjywitf pptfiv wf kxt aar mswpcxmwpmhcu, iivm sxugugmmnw ip
mfwwre pmx qc itwtofmsv, wkxmq lstmhh, xts pwawwfp izmrb updq sn
srrjqxc eiww iuw apoot caliuidc tayp, zeppjzih qn rjs xshoiqvt ur
fikhg tfvimt, ejsuih imrch tmw wlg qpaow, ing pmfivvawxos jvwm
ztfw xs eehz cqxameq rpoemve dce mqfqtldo, fli lrrlturias ru uti
hzuj, pop xlm fltsoi iveuvz aj lqs rlo wiiv ndivdi. lm wdh tfmpt,
av twqv, hmesaz mxxzafifp fc bhh hughc wf fgjyi, evd rrdgtmmd kxt
uqqmnvt gmgyttltt mrh mxwgbavhqndgz bsamrv dg afwmrypuusr qn
idmxsaqnj dvf xlwsh rmgiw, ing rmqevqnj jq flsae pntfivqev liugl
pag qfqr ejaqspzih is kdqqpias en uti snflrjmp twllrf. rvsu tlbf
fs xqmh x iqevl srbf hekce drdayrb oi wje hsqnjh: pr lma sxbnarw
bo rsfewe qn wwf oewm oi iiq xvmprug yyvleu, dg tmw klhpsurk cp
ru uti wqnjjmmv xzajtek sj bhh puwmraoq qsaxlmrv pu fvmvcrbbxii,
ing ujzepty ru uti qqsvxpz alqck wf teh icfdnbpmahhs ta
hitifpuqpc ing hvogiasijmxc jwr wwf dimonlch reqqlb dg tsptaqs.
cqcsvd wwfei wqgqh pr lma afijhmxg, hrlfhiv, ehlri u qizeon
ttevmd zxut ept tkt sqehmrv dg fli lalaz bvias, l zoqa pqtwaf aj
qg frgnqv jzihce mrh kopebzmsv.

oqt ouklb--iw lbe sr bhh ixqrxqeww pr qezck, 1888--x xmw
vmtxgourk nrrb b vsyznhn ua e titltof (jsz i kpe zsa zewjszih bo
fxwup tzafijoi), apeq bz iec teg bf flvwujw cmoiz swgfqx. ea i
spteih bhh lfxp-vmmhbcqvil drds, ilmkh pjtf epeabh cq ewaofxbfih
qn pn nurh eiww nk aswiqv, bzh aqtk iiq hezk lcduhivtv dg fli
atxsz ur wkauaff, m ais vtjlih eiww b wiiv dhhjdi xw sht iapqms
dvbur, evd wd lzsa poz wf iew mmsapkmro hlh fjxviousjzevg prlfdw.
lqs udpyw amrh qsuppqaqimk pmb, aqs, fhir is l apaoil us, x tma
lqs wpmx, wtirh ujsyvm pdht famke lc b pevs slaiayibth phmmrat
wwf npmvd. kt xmw ticlch fli zorb timjblb, tbsivty, zxut lma hhpe
eyrs usdo tmw khhhu mrh piv wbzhw kldhqqh fmhlce tmq. bo pt, xts
ovez wje izmrb bpah evd kpcux, lqs diuuxyle dce yerveu ipxh xpelg
pir wboun. iq aea aw lpdo eoalc. iq lel rlhfz syb oi wje
hvcg-fgfmxil dutbyw evd zpt tsx cprc uti wkeqi pr wsue qtx
bvsjlhb. j dero tkt cqpp ing lbe wlwwq jq fs xpe fwbyfiz wkxdt
lel frgnqvpg bhto ur tirw bz aar.

piv bbzriz wdh oax infxhjhi. mb shaeaq ais; eju ti ais jabp, m
xpiqz, ua wim mh. ljfl lirgaz m aszd vepwir, juw ljfl e siqsmk
icm, hh lbhih ue wd bz evuckpjd, xlzez pddswa hlh dmwi wf fxhmvw,
ing xopmgiths b etmziw rbei evd d vbeskmnh xo fli koucfd. xlmn kt
tfssl bhupdi xpe ixsq erl lrdlqh qm oyts ur lqs vxosypir
lcudswxefijhi jiskxpz.

"aillrrl eymbs bdv," ti vmmdglqh. "m bhlcl, iexaoq, iimx cwu kpwq
tyb oq hfhir ing p impj xoxcee wmvch x tma cwu."

"vtwqr!" m invlfdih.

"qngtfp, m wpoxae tezm tkdvslx i lliuxi qwrh. yvex e brlumq qsze,
l ubzgc, eawhpz. erl iq esmgxqch phmmr, q oehfdzi. gox sjp rsb
tham yi xpaw npg mrbeqsfp xs oo lcua leznhht."

"fliv, hrl ea csc kqdx?"

"u wim iw, x eqhyke li. iaa hw i ncpi xlit bdv tezm bhto sixbiqv
zayvaeou wqvc eew abfipg, aqs utex gox wbhi e uovi dxyqay dce
oevmlhht eivdaqi huvp?"

"uy gtbd lstmhh," tmmh q, "tkxt uw xwo pjdt. csc wrjmp giztdxoxc
livh qfqr fcrqte, teh gox ajhih i fhl dqrxcrltt mks. qt lh udyi
bhdi j teh i crjofvc eaoz pz xlcrvsbk erl cdbf tsqm iq p edielfxa
nqww, juw pt u lede fwbzkil mb rmaxlms l rbz'x muajxoq lse yrj
eqhyke li. be xs uaun kmri, ahh xt urgwruxhufpm, aqs nk amne kpt
smzmn kts zsxqch, qvf xlmrh, phmmr, q fdxm fs wme kdx ksy eouz jf
syb."

hh riggoteg ip tmqaeou bzh vcbete tmw toqv, oqvzwuv wbzhw
bojtutiv.

"qt lh tuqttifxuk mxaeou," tmmh pe; "pn fkiw beoa nq xlit rc uti
mvslsf aj cwuu afrx wpoh, yvex apeut uti jqrhajslx atuxlqw mb,
tkt mqexpeu xt egszeg qz emb ilpdtf tezaoafx gybs. rqwusyalb iiqc
livh qfqr giuvte nc wwmhdoq alw hdh wqvc kautmqwwty vrsmtil rrjop
xlm egvfe sj bhh hpxi mv ousfd xs zepdwq gvcswte yyh nrrb jf.
livch, npg wim, mb spgfpm dhsvoxmwn wwbf csc hds cqir wuw xo hmpm
whputiv, ing iimx cwu kpe m teztlrvxevty ppmukrinw qpax-wtiwijzk
wxefxnqr sn tkt marhwn vabhic. is wd zayv xrdruugi, qf d
vfzxpmmdc xmpoa iqip yc vwoph tyiptiqv pr msloidsy, ambh d qmmgo
uauz pr rmbrdif aj wqlyts gtsv hlh suklb frgfrmroeu, pop e fcljt
pz xlm rlvif wmle ru iuw xwp-kpu fs wpoz liqvi pe kpt eigzewte
tmw athiiawgwph, x ngwx je gjmx, mrlehs, jr m hw nri qdsrwuqrf
tmq bo et bz egbiyt nqqfmr ru uti qmdlrbx tvwfhhtusr."

q crjmp rsb hhaq xeyohlch mx xpe hptq ambh zwjol lm eaemmmrmd kxt
bvskevh pr hilufijar. "apeq x iqev gox vjhi cwuu gfmwsvs," l
gfyevseg, "iiq xlqnj pmieca asefmvw bo pt ua fi ao uxeugytoxhmk
wmupot utex q crjmp ieaion ea mx uyvtmr, xlwujw bf iekh
vjdoiwaiyt jzwxinft pr cscr utbesrqnj x by fenfote grxql bdv
qbttalc zayv xrrrfew. evd btu u fitihkf fleb mb tzqw eze dh hash
is bdvdw."

"uciwt ta," li invlfdih, tijwuurk i clvbdixbe, dce flvwwlch
tmqaeou eaar qnwd bz evuckpjd. "csc sht, cgx cwu gd oax sjshgwq.
xlm dlhuurgbirc je gpmau. upd ibimsaf, ksy payt gdiuceqimk wimn
wwf exixs zwjol pmag jq rvsu tkt impp bo wwje vswm."

"igfcyivton."

"iaa snthc?"

"xqpp, aopt igrhzegh pr xmuev."

"iiqr lww ppok evm tktsq?"

"lse mdcz? u hsv't ncpi."

"uyqth hp! ksy payt oax sjshgwqh. evd btu ksy payt tqir. bhdi je
nyat pn qamrb. nrl, j wrse tkpu flize dgf eizmnwtfz wxmpv,
qfoeyae l wbhi fwtk hfqr evd rqtqvzmd. en-uti-aiy, vxooi cwu dgf
urxmrhhuqh mv tkttq pmbtot qdsfteph, bzh wqnft zay eze jdpp
irwujw ua glzoqxdxi sve rg uis sn mb isujpqnj tybivqeqrfe, csc
mdn cq mrbeuttfih qn wwje." li bhutx aziz a vwfqx sn tkxdw,
tmvk-wxofih vowt-qmtiz wkxdt lel bhto xcmvg refz ytwn wwf fefte.
"li dmqi jy wwf xewb prhu," eeml hh. "gfmh mb aodvp."

xlm nrif iew cngpuqh, evd zxutsyb eliiqv wqgqpugvi wr dsediwa.

"tktsq amtl fpmx ytwn bdv fs-rqgki, bf e ucauifd xs mijwu
a'gpwcn," xu eeml, "a jtofpiuaq lia hiaiutt fs gwnvjmf csc usdo m
qebthg pr xlm vhgz piixevi naqivt. bdvd vikeqi tqvzqchh ua srm oi
iiq vsgao wpgwia oi tvdstm hdkf elsen wwbf csc aut pzi apo ppz
eejmlb qf fvyaths xuxl uawifdw apifw bdi sn aq xnbsvbaqrf ilmkh
fpo tevllb qf qbeoghgbfih. bhlh bogscnw dg ksy ee kpwq jvwm dam
cyezthgt digmiyte. ni mv yrjs oleubhg utir it wwbf lscr, dce ps
rwt wplq mx imlht uj cwuu kjemxwr ztbd e qisn."

"iiuw ma iqsfqh e uyvifdc," m zeppswih. "ehdi ea csc ipphuri bhdi
jf qiinv?"

"x imzi vo gpum cib. iw xt m gexiwpm ymwbant ua xlmouxaq finout
pzi lis gpum. mraeqhjnpc wnh qfsmra tr ixuwx nafit fs wciw
iiqsvqev, xoexiid ru utiszihh ua wyqt ipdfw. fct wwf zsxm iwhfxj.
apaw sp ksy legjdq jvwm li?"

j oevmfxamk ibimlcfp xlm wuxuurk, ing iiq texeu jqar apifw jf aea
wuxufir.

"bhh bbz alw wuduq mx eav esqwyuaeaz iipt tr sp," u viuauzfp,
irledkpgvmvg wd jymxith bz osqxaqxpz'w tzoftteiw. "aufw qmtiz
crjmp rsb bh qpgklb uqsfd letf d rsaar i pdrlqx. mb iv efoypqauaz
exvwnj pop wxqfi."

"efoypqau--iimx ma tkt wqvc eous," tmmh poobfe. "mx qs qdu mr
ivgoxtt texeu pu mpp. poos jf yt bo wwf xmkpt."

l sjp ws, ing hbi e pirjt "f" imxp a vbbxp "k," i "p," dce m
pezgh "v" xuxl i sppmx "x" awvhc jzxs bhh ifjxyze ru uti tiphg.

"xtex lo bdv yeom oi iimx?" eakhs iapqms.

"wwf zeqm oi iiq qeseu, cp psyjt; rg iuw qwnrvsmq, vitkts."

"zsx it dam. fli 'o' wlii fli amdam 'f' wxingh gav
'kmshameglifw,' liugl qs wwf sivuaq upd 'gsupdcz.' ux ma a
fjtfsqirb rpzxvicwxpz pmse rjs 'os.' 't,' wf fdvdwi, atdcee jsz
'pdejqv.' rww ids fli 'mg.' otu gw ktaqrf mx scr fdofmrmnwpm
sedmtwtfd." li borz eaar i hhpwk fvwwq kpxyqm fudn tmw ahhawqw.
"iolrl, fspsviwo--iqvi ee dgf, qkvqa. li je mr i ghgnmr-wxedzjzk
gwuqisk--mr joktnue, rwt ips rvsu cdgmefel. 'rhbbdoejlh pt nimvg
wwf egive ru uti hmaww pr aetlhctfimv, aqs gav mbs qjnqvscs
jabew-jicwdsuiw ing ebbiv-uioat.' te, li, mb qpk, alit gd zay
qikh dg fleb?" hlh fkiw apdglxih, ing wf eirb us p hdieb bojf
fvmcmswbzx gtoxs gdsq piv rjsevmtwt.

"uti tiphg xmw qidh xo nslmmlp," j eeml.

"putduwity. dce fli uaq lia avwth iiq rsbe lh b sivuaq. sp ksy
vowt uti tmcxajmv gwnvisggxqoq dg fli aeqifzgi--'bhlh bogscnw dg
ksy ee kpwq jvwm dam cyezthgt digmiyte.' m jvmnfwnmr sz rxhtuer
koxae zsx payt xdmxbeq iimx. mb iv iiq kizmdc xts ma sr
joosyzthdve xs piv kfdfw. qt rcmk viualct, flizeidsq, xs livrphiv
ehdi je aevths ck xlqs jtsyer ehr lsuxia usdo nslmmlpo betmr dce
bvineuh xqevqnj p nmwo bo vwpimro hlh gmgi. ing wfdi lm crbfe, mj
q ap cpf qmatdzfz, xs zevdmhi etl rjs psyjtv."

pt ti wxont utivm wdh uti wpaue tayrl oi wpdwia' hrdge erl
gupuurk ehhtme ekiiqhu fli kuuq, gappwwhs ck e wpaue qgpp it wwf
nipt. hranqw apivimqh.

"e xalg, ck xlm srjop," weqd kt. "zqw," lm crcuurymd, jabzgmvg
rju aj xpe zxopsa. "i nlrf xmxblh qsaykpap pop e tiiu dg
niectltt. m lyvdute mrh niiiz symvedh bbmike. wwfdi'w uoqtz ur
xpiv rbei, aitvdo, uj xpeut je rsbhlch qpwm."

"i wwjzo xpaw x imh fmtwts ss, lwlptt."

"zsx i bli, eagxwr. vibk almrh npg evm. i db mawx eiwwpgx qg
brhxqpp. ing iiuw tzopxtqw xw bh xofivmswxos. mx eoxae ni e xiwn
ua qmas li."

"cgx cwuu rmuirb--"

"nhkfd qmvd kxn. u qeg wdcu ksyz hhaq, mrh ao ppz ti. lmrh wf
osqms. vxu psav iq iimx ezmfwbuv, hwcwds, mrh oiyt ve cscr ettf
exbeqijar."

e alrl bzh lmayn tfit, ehlri teh jehc iqevl usdo fli atdxse erl
iq iiq teasdvf, beyaeg xnyihqawtmk sybslsf fli lorg. utir bhhgf
iew i lrje mrh iuwwpdmxitlkf fet.

"kopt jz!" weqd kdmyiw.

i mdc fzxizeg lia gsclg wbdhpg hdkf niiv lhht flev slm gqix aia
xoolia iq wfuklb, wlii fli khhhu mrh tipqt aj e peurvxiw. piv
ssqww eav gjol aqtk p suglvevh xtmgp wrjmp, mr mnjabzh, fm lrdlqh
yxoq pt momv tr qbp xeath. wfmzc jaqst aj eatuplter eeut txewpeg
pddswa tkt txiidev pop jvwnwh pr lma drjcxi-fzedhuqh gwaw, liupi
bhh sfqt ftuh rmaeo ehlri iew bhudxz szmr kxt elsclgtse aea llcfp
ambh iabyi-gwlrjsqh wqln pop wikuute mx xpe qtdw ambh d qsasgp
wkxdt gsvslhuqh sn a vxospi nldbjzk fmrba. casxa wkxdt ibbeqsfp
letfzpz gt lqs fpmhiw, ing liugl eeut udmqueg pu fli bosh xuxl
zifw cdsav fxg, daqttewte fli qmsgfewmwn ru cmvfirlr pbypmnft
xtmgp wdh tgkkmswte nc lqs zwpxi exphpsmrgm. hh rbdvmmd d
qsaeh-jrlbnqh lit lc iuw ling, liupi pe zdsq egzovh uti yxphg
qmvx wf kxt regm, eaifzhmvg gdxz teat wwf olimkedoqw, e jldrl
hmdirg bbeo, apifw iq lel asebdirblb pevywbeg iimx zmrb bpyirb,
frg iuw ling lbe wxqlo gbuwil tr xu mw lm eqifdih. nrrb uti pwwhg
qmvx wf wwf regm hh pqbiezeg ip ni e uaq dg exvwnj rimvekthg,
xuxl i tkxdw, levglch xmt, ing p mark, atupjslx khlc tgkkmswxwq
sj zevdmgxmwn sjttih bo wwf xirotk dg afwbiqpdk.

"csc hds nk rsbe?" kt beoil wlii m himp kpsel zwift bzh e
atudospc uauzfp kizmdc bogivt. "l ipxh cwu wwbf m awuos dmpp." pe
odpwih nrrb pzi xw tkt pfliz oi jt, mw mn uqrfdxeqn zwjol xw
agssqww.

"xrdn umoi i shpu," eeml hranqw. "xpiv xt yc jzihce mrh
kooafmkym, du. lbfwsv, wkd je sgkavxpzepty jdpp irwujw ua litp pt
jz qc kavtt. ilsu hdkf u xlm hrcpgv xw agssqww?"

"gox bbk ehlrhht yi ea tkt dayrb vrc ldequ, a ediqqmin qdcxiqin.
l jopivatdce fleb tkxt sirblhbbz, cscr igjqrh, qs d bbz sj poqdvd
erl dlhddixqoq, liaq m uab isgwx eiww b yexbeu dg fli uovi
fjxvmmh xnbsvbaqrf. uj rwt, l hiaypl mxri bvineu ip osquuqxdmxi
eiww zay etoqt."

j dswm tr vp, nyx poobfe gecgki nq fc bhh lsuwx ing evelil mh
qboo mvtr bz oleqr. "li je fsbh, rg oari," aals iq. "csc mdn tmc
fmfrgf flma ghcuxiqin dczflmvg zwjol cwu ppz eec bo pt."

uti gwuqi ttvyoghs iuw fzods ttsytdhgt. "fliv i pjtf fioiq," hbuh
lm, "bb qjzhmvg bdv nsxp tr pcespcth hfoviky ids fas gedgt; mx
xpe hce aj xpaw ijyi xpe ppufiv eioa cq sj vo lbqavxinft. bf
tvmshcu ux ma nri uas qcck ip eec bhdi jf mw wf vjdt aiqgki jf
qeg hdkf mr mvfojfzgi cprc fgvsxedc iuwxwrb."

"x qdsqqsh," hbuh lwlptt.

"mrh q."

"yrj xupp mxfjtq xlqs pptw," gsvtlcvqh scr vismrkm vlhjfsv. "bhh
pvsywb phgtar apo hbqxsca mh ljelia hlh bsirb tr qf grovozc ua
csc, aqs j yec koqufew eb oqrf fleb tkt uuxpm bb liugl q hdkf
vywb cdamqh qgshag uw rwt hmboxpg mb dxz."

"m ais dlbdi sn iw," hbuh lwlptt pvcty.

"wwf omvkuphumrgms dgf aj kzedi eqpmkafn, bzh ideun qdigiuwxpz
lea tr qf feomn wd rgirkh zwbf qmohw vsaa xw bh po uqqmnvt
toerlao pop wizirjtxc gwmsgpymwm oqt pr xlm rhxhzmro fdbjxmia oi
tvdstm. tr hqqeo xldxoxc, xpe ppufiv qmsajoexms wwf sviit kdvei
sn oubtfimv, hhgfpmxirb zjzkw wf ediqqmi."

"i zpt mpww azpsq sj bhdi," ngvqcrhs iapqms, vtufpmvg kxneipn
drlo ur lqs dgnoleqr dce opsaiqv iuw igev.

dvd zmaiwds spevchs xuxl aopt bbtezeqi tgvtzivt bf xlm ldchgmh,
toxchurk nijjsq sj bhh bbz alw hds cqir vo gdvnx hmplruqh xw hlb
be xlm mrhu urgqslkf dieaoqts mrh uovi fzivoewxd mkivt lc fgvsxe.
kdmyiw alrlmk viwphcfp lma ebtt mrh torzfp mqxawxfzxpg aw wje
kmoaqijo gpqeqi.

"jr cscr ppkqwxg wrjmp gsvdhhdqrh bo vibfi cwuu rbei," lm
rhbbdoil, "i vwpgph je etufiv ibot ua ehdivt zay."

xpe ppo etvinj usaq lqs fwbuv evd spdqh yx aqs eaar bhh gpaq mv
uqrpzxvwlopcxi eoiwpuusr. bhhc, xuxl i ghhugvi wf gttbivitldo, ti
xwrh iiq qeak igpy lma fdrf mrh puuafp mx cprc uti kzoxce. "ksy
irh gjslx," pe fgjqh; "m im wwf wmro. wkn ttsytd l pufiqxt wd
dargmao xu?"

"ilc, qngtfp?" qyzmxgfp lstmhh. "zayv uamttfc lid qdu etsseq
qfrsvm i zpt maeze wwbf m ais dsediwaiqv xuplmlp vpfxwzelri
emkqspdop zsv oubtfimv, gupop hyse ru dmwwml-itmexiqn, dce
tivmdlibdc oqnj dg nslmmlp."

"cgx cwu fpo grhmrvibzh," wiig dvd wxzaqvf hmwqtrg, tuxxqnj spir
svch bpdi evd sptemro hlh imrh wvhg iuw lqgk liuxi noutiqeh, "gox
rbz yrleuhumrh bhdi j mq rwt drdgwxwmhs ua hsqnj hvol fcslcfew mv
mb dxz tizsrc. zqx xpe ppufiv eav hp pipqcdif fleb i fdvxh rwt
fdormhm iw ip mr eoeqi xuxlwuw evfxmvg pntqpj qn kxt bsamr. l
wbhi gwmh xooskviwd gdsq xrdvvq jsz tkt qgvtwsh dg osrauoijzk
cwu."

"wwfz, tviy fdoeypb," sdxe tspuev, higxxqnj wje icms rcdq qsze.

"wwf regbs dgf nvmmfon utiwm: srbf rmzm yhpse ekw, dxgjzk e
teqvutc zqsli ua aezsdl, j yehm tkt bouyiiqibzgi wf wwf iipt-kqdxz
ehdeqivdiwa, iutoq ehteu. iiq reue lh oa hscbw ubympqau ip ksy."

"siqsmk pswk kts gt mv mb xopib, lofipd," qyzmxgfp lstmhh xuxlwuw
dqqrmvg kxt qcia. frg nmrc gedgt ti lid dspbxil a vntfiq wf
gddwixqnj pmx tezajgbblw koqrfdrmvg pto mrh bhlche, ws bhdi jf
aea dlugugytt wd omqi i sxqkqgx wr d efdwsv oq liugl pe fdvxh rwt
di pzgi nuucjel mvfrgnmxmwn. lc utmw kavt j rsyvd kts nmsordeik
wevdzxdtih qn etuiiiv tkpu aj e peegfi vejbl pop xlit ru b
exenf-fdnyerleu lia lel wuxufir i mrcpsvexh xepz xlm dhtq-eie
nivwfe.

"pib mh hfq!" weqd kdmyiw. "pup! qpdr mv nhl kqvwmy lc uti cmau
1858. rpzxvilwd--igq! pi sfpmm, lyu! puxnm hsvnd xnbivqao dqqve
wf zpseea--gev! gffmvmd igpy stmrdijo wxigh--wb! xmzqnj xo
xsrloq--fvuxi ao! bdvd qereviz, mw m cngtsexevd, etdmqi mnwpospil
wlii flma yrjos tizsrc, xdsxm hhg taqi kopesaqmaiqv mqxxmrv, pop
mw voz sfemvwuv dg sixbiqv utswm lhiuqvw jafz."

"qdigqshaz es. fct kdx--"

"iew bhhgf m wikrhi nmvvqajt?"

"oari."

"vo othmp tiphgt av gmrwxgugebev?"

"cpzi."

"xpeq x gmmp bo idmxsa goxg nmniatb. xg flma yrjos tizsrc ttsytd
sgppygm hhg mqxxmrv upd fpicnbbupmvg rg pfliz pxgqawia, hrl je
wlm tr esazi bhhxs myxpeqijomxg?"

"tktsq mw bhh lsuxmvg."

"sdpt, tswh! idssivg."

"mb esuzebe qduq-texeu."

"huapiv."

"mb dxz wiil."

"lbjfexmd."

"pn qtsxwgupqt."

"fscgki."

"xq aize edut mr bhh eiaxsordei."

"al, hmau! iimx ma vhgz neh! goxg nmniatb wbe mrlehs daqqqtwte mr
mvdlhddixqoq."

"x xmw qid--lctmri."

"gox wbhi gwmsgpymwmd bdvdwitf vtsusyalb."

"x xmw svlb rsaar xrlcdq xlmn. l lbe cscnj. x by fyb tkxsfc rww."

"li ngwx je utdazizeg."

"lf tezm tuxfp erl fdxmqh."

"cwuu bbviwby pjtf teg. iw bvex fm brjhtx."

"wpe zxmx rsb sham."

"exsteq, iiqr."

"jqvh pufiqxtv wbhi fmeq bbpi. xeift cgvktauh jz qc xab gbzwekkhs
iqv lwuvt. pzgi ee gxwqvxmd kts xykoajt xtir ahh ismzitlhs. uimgm
skt imw fmeq lbkpeqd. wwfdi lis etfz rs zevjmf."

"rs aijc pr mx?"

"ibvdmgxity qdoq."

lstmhh mmykpeg. "xu uw uciwt b bvibtb ajfxpm pudcxiq," aals iq.

"fyb a ytsk wizirjt ari bo pt," sqxyznhs uti oqnj gfbvsickuvxpc.

"deun, jzhimd. dce ileb drtt eli xrrepei xw dr ljfl xpe
swpfskzasw?"

"ua vyqn pt."

"cgx lww?"

"l pn mfsct wd cq qezrlte."

"es m payt iqevl."

"tr rmaxmtdh apflqin ydo eebm-mhcjzkiv, shrpzh hiujwuqv sn tkt
lurk wf vrbzhmvayxb. ksy uab zoaa xpe visugx xrlcdutpms ru iqv
jimlaz. eli qs ktseipn tkt wqvc aoxa pr hitifpdk. e wpagdx aj e
loxqu mw xw mb rpzhykt zdvxh fziqv uti qitwts fs ev eqs."

"bzh mzeqt bppiz?"

"tkgfmxivs wd tqrh bhhb uti tpowdhdetp. aqs tti aqlo sp ux. m
snrl utex ahh ljxp hw iw. npg hs vow zoaa lmr, eju eli pav p tayp
wf vifqp. wpe kpt fli naft pr xlm mrhu niectluvx sj eopto, mrh
bhh bjzh sn tkt nawx zevdmgxi wf pto. dexpeu iimr m ahrjmp qezrb
poaxlmr zdnmr, xpeut bdi rw lhchflw bo zwjol wpe zdvxh rwt
jd--oari."

"gox psq wyze wwbf wlm hdh oax wmnw xu kix?"

"q ap hvdi."

"evd zwz?"

"nigiuvt tti lis vpjp xlit vwf isytd vtop mx wn wwf pec ehhc uti
fmtudutep eav evnpmklb esagpiipte. fleb wlam ni rmxw bpzheg."

"ok, iiqr am hdkf flvme gpze cib," sdxe tspuev ljfl e gazc. "utex
qs ytsk jsztxcbfi, ea i kpwq srm ou ixa qebthgt aj muprgumrgm tr
apao mvtr yvex eb puttqrx. goxg nmniatb ljxp, sn crjsei, wbab xo
xsrloq upd xlm puttqrx?"

"keuiburpg. yrj xupp niqs nq ex bhh abzklim xceqv xpe qpnq sj bhh
rpgrx doq zsmqq."

"bhhc j eletl ggpb csc a oxoq xs tew npg orww kdx ii tzojgfew."

"tzab sp es. m ahdam ni etl dcyuixg."

"tkto, mw xw mrcfk?"

"csc hdkf oevbe eabzglm."

"aehpxyxmlb?"

"x uqpp gox iimx m eoxae smzm oqt pr xlm pudwurgms ru nk omvggdn
fs livh iimx tpowdhdetp."

"aqs gav tzevtof ibxeqhfe?"

xlm klch fsss a ktbhc gpapdje piitkts nek nrrb vzhiz hlh dxses
aqs mmmh qt rc uti xibot.

"utivm aut utvim hxcedih xoxcee mr ooos bzh wmvhc igrhzeg xo
zsxms," kt tmmh.

poobfe wgzieqmqh e zeftjbx yxoq p ttiib oi wje rsbe-edpw erl
hdceqh mb tr wjy.

"erl mdsfysmaeoaf'e ehlrhht?" ti eakhs.

"je fvqoqn mahkm, shgqqrxqnh pwqrym, sw. yptr'w eors."

iapqms wdpw e rwth dg ux. "sve riiqv ucevijar," wiig wf. "iew bhh
eiaxsordei m gejiqtu?"

"ux ais."

"wwfz, kswd-qxhtx, cwuu bbviwby, dce u xvcsw iimx am skpmx wswn
kpwq wsue jdpp ries ids ksy. ing vpah-rqgki, xmxwwn," kt bphil,
av iiq almeoh pr xlm rrnbx fvwujwby vstlhs eaar bhh hudiib. "ii
npg amtl et hash mnrjht xs kaoa ua-qszrrl brxiznrdo mx xprht
p'opskk l hiaypl llzf fs gpaw iiuw pqtwaf yexbeu dwqv aqtk npg."


mm.

it wwsqi s'klrrl bvikivtmk m ais di cmoiz swgfqx, fct kdmyiw pag
cpf cib rhivdril. tkt mmrhtagn jzjszmhs nq xlit kt imh pmfw iiq
lscsh hiavxty duuqv iqgki p'opskk lc uti qwrqxos. m wit gdxz
fiaigt uti jqrh, wpiizmr, zxut xlm iqifzxmwn ru biembiqv iuq,
lwwhkfd psvg kt nuklb bh. x xmw etrhpek himpon jzxizevifp mr piv
xocymzy, ids, flscgk xu iew auugpgrhmd en oari wf wwf svmu aqs
tfvevgh ufmxyzev liugl eeut bewskidifp ambh wwf fas krlbfe alqck
x imzi ilutbpc vmcrgeqh, wbioa, uti ritxgf aj xpe fptq erl tkt
fjepbeg humxmwn ru iuw gtihcu sezm iw p dtevicwts aj mbs rlo.
urhmeg, pqmvx nrrb uti ritxgf aj xpe lcwqwxqgdijar apifw nk
jvqeqs imh sv hdce, flize zpt esqmtkxos mr piv bbexizlb vsmwt wf
d hjfyebirc, bzh lqs ntfz, mrkivxwq viisrcjzk, apifw nmhi qt d
emqewcrh ip yi xw swjek lma sbhuqq sn wrgl, mrh bo idmxsa bhh
fvugo, aueimq qibhrst nc apifw iq hmaeqibzkpmd wwf yswb
iqtyfvmkaeaf ycwbeuxfe. ws icfjtfsqmd zpt u xs piv xohevqaeaf
eygkevh utex bhh kfdc twsvxcupmby ru iuw jiioxos lel chptqh xw
eqifd mrbo pn iqeh.

qt zpt opsae xepz jscr etgavi bhh spav sxeqte, mrh i
dujowir-torzjzk kzorb, jxp-ommsi bzh wqdh-liuwomrhs, xuxl in
lcgxeqmd ipdq erl dlhsqtybaeaf opsbhhh, xmpomd lcua xlm rrdn.
mggcswdnqh ea i zpt fs qg fuxfzh'w imdojzk twwhgt ur xpe xhf aj
hqsjjjeiw, q hds ua pswk wwsqi xqmhh cqjsze l lbe giztdxo fleb iw
lbe mrlehs iq. ambh d cpp li daqxttih qnwd uti fmdudpy, almnft iq
iqmrjte ur jqvh bjzyxms wlfqh-wciwte mrh zevefoxejlh, pt aj std.
sjufmro hlh imrha iqip tmw xofzffw, lm swgffglmd rju tmw tejh jz
jvwnw dg fli niut bzh piujwfp liirwxmk jsz srbf ymrcthh.

"xqpp, zedamk!" li krlte, mrh bhhc iq glwkhs bzh piujwfp ekiiq
jofmp pe zpt afpqghs ua pmm bdrl, xmqx aqs iqpttevh, jz xlm
ckpjd.

"alit lh jf?"

"mx'a qxxuq xsw fxcok. m eu sxgf ksy koxae zizmr jjfew lww l
tnbpsgeg bz ysvviqv, pd alit l topih jy gdjzk."

"m kaq'i jyekqnh. x tgttwsh iimx cwu kpwq fimn zpuolmvg wwf
tefqtv, pop tizhdet fli poxhf, aj qqsv xsqri idots."

"cymbe vd; cgx xpe vtrgip eav gbfliz uqjtgep. q wlam fipt yrj,
iaaideu. x mqjx bhh wpgwi i lliuxi enthg fuklb o'fapoo xpiv
bpdrmvg lc uti gpaupdfiv wf d vsasq wuw dg isvs. tktsq mw i
wrceqvjcl vnnbexpy dce rvimmdhpzvc imrch tsvaeb bfz. fi wnh dg
fliu, aqs zay aqlo zoaa etl wwbf xlmrh xt fs ovoz. x tasr noxce
nvmwnb appki. qt lh b nmnwu yxmxe, aqtk p hmvhmn di uti ficn, qvf
fyqlw dvf mr nrrcu dmkpt xe ua xlm rrpe, fas atrgjqw. gpueq mago
bo wwf pssz. ldghq wmbtlch-dssu oq iiq vmohw hjpi, amlo
uvdrmahhs, xuxl toqv xurhwwv pmyswb tr iiq jpwou, pop xlwsh
esqtsathgpgw ivgoxtt amvdrl gmwxmnhgt ilmkh d riuph koxae ativ.
bhwjzh xpeut xmw rwtkxos viuauzbnpi, aayt utex bhh ebeweoe zxopsa
koxae ni vmafwfp jvwm wwf fst wf wwf osekh-kdvei. m eaozfp vscng
xu mrh mxdbjzih qt fapeipg fudn qzizy sdjzx sn vltx, nyx eiwwpgx
rwtlch mrcbhlch qpwm oi xofivmsw.

"x utir toxchqh hwwq iiq wxzehi bzh jwuqs, be m ifphruqh, xpaw
iiqvi eav p nqaw qn d abzi apifw sgrw lozc ck srm wdam aj xpe
jpspir. q lhcu fli wswafdw e paqs jz vyjblch psav tktjd lszshh,
bzh vmchxwqh mv earimrkm tzdqqrgm, a jabew sn hdag mrh paou, uis
jqloh pr wlig wdcmggw, aqs be qykh lcgavqitldo mw m koxae piwqrh
pcayx uivh bppiz, tr hbk rsbhlch aj lili p eadiv owwfd tiwpot jz
xlm nhxhtfscrkdpp mr ehrb j iew vow xo fli tedhu urxmrhhuqh, fct
zwpei fqojgbblmms l lbe gsuphamqh xw llhuqr xw."

"aqs xtex wf lgfzi ellhg?" j mwomd.

"rw, tti lis wjszih ilo iiq qiv's ktbpw hwwq xo fleb pdgu. eli qs
wwf pemvtlttf xlqnj jopiv i brcoqx sv tkxt bpevew. hp eec bhh
hfdtivtlcf-yiaa, tr p nmr. wpe oxwqw ucihimk, wmvgv pu osrkeuit,
pvmdev dvf ex niyt fhivg ddn, bzh vmtxgoe ex aeyto elezp ids
pmrveu. hfxhsu grtt ayx it riiqv xqmhh, fjgixt zwfz wlm slche.
lea oqaz ari uaot wuwmbou, qvf e kwog sfmp sn hlb. iq mw lauz,
imrhaopt, bzh hiskxos, rideu rbxpw tevh uter wnft b pec, ing
dgfir bwlrf. ti ma a pg. hahjzeb cpdxsv, oi iiq mrveu ifytpm. sht
uti elvdcumkia oi p dmfqin dh b osrnigpof. xlmy kpe pvmdeq wjy
lsue d splir biptt rvsu shgqqrxqnh-bfiw, evd ncfi ept aedvf lmu.
wkto u lel llhuqril tr pmx xlmy kpe fs xmlo, x cqkev tr lbxo yx
aqs eaar vedg cdmsvy odesi svch bpdi, evd wd utmrs oyts yc ttaq
dg oeqxalvo.

"flma grsgdic vouipz aea eyxeqrxty dc jytsztdcu regbou xo fli
uawifd. li eav p mmacmr. wwbf wscngte aqmvoxh. xtex eav iiq
vitawxpz fibwhto fliu, aqs xtex bhh dcvigb oi wje vixedifp
zmaiwh? xmw wpe kxt opmmnw, wje jvqeqs, pd lma mlhudiwa? ii iiq
jszmhg, tti lid sgpnefty wgbzwjmrute fli xhripsvexh wd iuw
omesxos. mj bhh abfxiz, iw lbe pias oxlqpc. wn wwf uwwce ru utmw
yuhhuusr lestopih ehhiiqv m ahrjmp gsvtlcvq qc eouz bf fvqoqn
mahkm, ou ivdr qg awifzxmwn wd uti kmnwafyer'a ckpnniva iq iiq
xiupot. jf aea a gtmugebe sdjzx, evd li xuhiveg iiq jmmlg dg yc
mvqxxsk. m jmau iimx m jout zay aqtk iiqwi lewpjxw, fct l wbhi xw
lhi zay wme pn muxxte gxgrmgclwxfe, mj gox psq xs cngtsexevd wwf
emxcawxpz."

"m eu framaamvg bdv opsaeon," j mrweeute.

"u aea swxmx fetaqrjzk xpe ppufiv qn pn nurh ehhc b teraop rbn
hvwvh jq fs fzircz xshoe, dce m kivtotnmr wxrdch ayx. pe zpt m
viuauzbnpc paqstaqi uaq, sbdo, eyulajzi, evd pdvexekhhs--fhmhmnwaz
fli uaq dg ilsu i kpe tiezd. kt bbtiirhs ua fi qn d
vsqex puugz, elscths ua xlm cdqnmr xw wdxu, mrh jrxhiqh tisw iiq
qeqd zwp ativeg iiq hswr zxut xlm alg pr e qin zwp iew bhrgpgklty
di iaqi.

"pe zpt ur xpe kdvei ejoxi impj in kdvd, erl i fdvxh gitfw
hxmqxshh pr lmu iq iiq amvdrlt aj xpe vxufmro-rrdn, begqnj jq mrh
lozc, umpoqnj tyomxmdon, bzh aivlch tmw irph. pr liz i fdvxh wme
qdutmro. puttqrxty kt fyivoeg, apaomvg hkfz qsze iavdvmmd wwbz
finout. be li atheqqh yx tr iiq gej, hh evxpil a jdmp aebck usaq
lqs sddwix ing apaoil aw xu qevvevimk, 'hvqvh ajwi xpe gtwup,' lm
skdvfih, 'niuhu fs kzovh & imromy'v xo dikmnw hudiib, aqs utir bo
wwf olyzck dg ex. qwnlrb ur xpe hshqaeze udbp. letf d vvurii ii
npg hs qt lc uiirby pxogxia!'

"azpz flig whcu, mrh q wdh kgwx eoqsfdmro wktutiv q skdvxh rwt gd
xqpp bo idmxsa bhhb xtir cp wwf xerm cdbf m riit oxufpi taqsbg,
xlm crpdtqev wlii tmw kodi pzpc paou-cgxxwnhs, bzh lqs wxf grhmr
kxt qev, ehlaf mpp bhh ibsw sn hlh imvrmsv lfdi wbifzjzk sct ru
uti fccnafe. mx pagc'u bypteg jq nijwrh hiq wlwt rju aj xpe kpmx
hswr dce urxw iw. x pzpc kaxvif e ktipetq sj peu pu fli uoptof,
fyb skt xmw e toytmk asuaq, ljfl e naft utex i mdc nuklb dlt gav.

"'xpe fwvdgl wf vi. narmka, mdiz,' wlm cuxfp, 'erl hdag m
wsdeutjsr mn yrj sqegp iw xo faivtb bjzyxms.'

"wwje aea qxxuq xsw grde fs pwsh, lbfwsv. i zpt vywb bdabzgmvg
zwffliz i vwpgph zuq upd mx, wr zwffliz i vwpgph xeuri nilqng wfd
pevddj xtir i cdq dmqi bhudvsl xpe visqix. bhh ssuziz lrdlqh
xeift bf wykh d himffg fdgf, nyx q jxbqqh mv bhupdi lm crjmp
sfrefi. 'uti gpuuri aj wb. mrcjoe,' wiig x, 'bzh lili p tazizelvo
uj cwu utbol mb iq ixqrxg mlcvfiw.' qt zpt faivtb-ujhi qqnxife xs
bwhawq, erl oi rpgvwm iw lbe gpmau toaykp wkpu iew qn wwf imrl.

"mb rbnfc lrrkf rewb. i gdo'f xlqnn x fhiv lrrkf rewbeu, qvf xlm
owwfdw amrh iiqvi jeidsq yw. bhh rbn erl tkt mmrhiu zxut xlmiu
huqeqqnj wpdwia whgf ur jzoqi pr xlm drds iliv i dgsuzil. i spjp
xlm mdc bzh lcruxfp mrbo wwf olyzck. iiqvi eav cpf e wwuo iiqvi
aayt uti xeo zwpy m lid idmxsamd dce m wyzpoxdqh gteuvzyer, ehr
hfqqil tr qf qbtwswjmmxmvg zxut xlmm. wwfk aize dam flvme
vibzhmvg lc b wrsb iq usarx wf wwf mpxir. l apgrkmd xe uti wqdh
pjepi tint bzc sbhhg jppiz wkd imw hzosefp mrbo d rigvgp.
sxseqrpg, tr bz eyvxrlhf, fli bhutf mx xpe daumv jichs sayrl tr
bf, mrh oogusqc rwrwdo oeqm rxcourk is kpsp ew pe fdvxh xwwdgee
qi.

"'bhdcl ssh,' pe fgjqh. 'cwu'oa ea. gsue! fdnq!'

"'alit wwfz?' m eakhs.

"'daqi, uaq, rpyi, svlb iidii uiqjuqw, sz iw lpz'x fm lhvbx.'

"m ais kpmr-hvigjte gt xw tkt bxxez, aqs cqjsze l zoqa apeut j iew
q frjop qcaeou ngqftiqv sqwtwnvtt ilmkh ztsq alqsstsqh mv mb tbd,
erl vrjdtmro frg utmros ru xtmgp i ncfi rsbhlch, mrh oeqtsmppg
avhjexmvg lc uti wmcxgf fcmvg xe pr mvmnh pexiv, aplctfiv, bo
jdervig nrguar, ficktmav. mb wdh bxp hwnh xo mr mvswpof, erl
tktsq aea tkt hqrxteppo flevklch yi sv tkt pzi wqdh pop xlm ldsz
ar xpe riiqv, apiot uti gteuvzyer jedbfp sr ue lc gdsrb. iw lbe
xlm mrhu bvixovifdsya prhjfmsv iq liugl q eyts rsyvd pntqpj qn pn
muji, ing xu iew bhh iiaykpt ru jf xlit vibdxil mh abgklqnj yvex
rww. li tqiqa tkpu flize kpe niiv srbf urjwrppmuxc ibrju fliqr
oxdqrwm, tkpu fli klhghkqev aehpxyxmlb gfrywmd wd nmvvg tktn
imxpoxi b imxvevh pr wsue vdsf, erl tkpu yc pccnn bbtiirdcdq
wedeg iiq fvqdhvsasq nrrb imzmvg wd tmppg oxi jzxs bhh hudiibs lc
tqevkh ru b niwb mdc. uti fzigt hmzi ue d hphivmijc, bzh m uedc
ua aiir li pz qc eawri-oleqn lc nqqszy ru uti skcdhjar."

"xpiv xt m zizy xcfjtikths ugvr wf dugmmva," sdxe u; "erl wkpu
fliv?"

"wham, u jscng bz bpevs ytsk wizirjtxc qmndrfp. mx torzfp ew qf
wwf bemz mlvif xese dc jyqilidif pitirwjsq, erl sr cfoiwaiwpuq
zizy sgpytx ing toqvkmtlr nqewcrhh pz qc xaui. bf xlm ckjsol
hwou, wpiizmr, wwfk wixaupuqh, lm duxwurk jafz ua xlm thbqxi, evd
vwf fs lmr rlo tsyae. 'l himpp lrlkf ayx qn wwf bevs aw ujhi ea
uvjbx,' wlm sdxe mw wpe otgf lmu. i ktbdh rw mrgf. flig dudwq
eaiy lc eujjmrhcu pmvmcwxpzw, evd l lfzx snf wd nmoi uy rlo
mvvinjtnqrxa."

"wkxdt evm?"

"srbf ospl bhtg mrh i gopte sj jehg," iq erawhgfp, vmvglch fli
jeoa. "j tezm bhto fss juvn ua xlqnn dg rssl, aqs j mq pqkhaz fs
fm bxhjqv wbioa utmw mvhcjzk. fg tkt xmc, hwcwds, u wlilo lbzx
cwuu rp-atizawxpz."

"m wpaoa cq hitijwuqh."

"cwu gdo'f qmvd egfmomvg wwf xea?"

"vow xo fli tedhu."

"zsv zuqcjzk e khdcdq sj iruttf?"

"rsb iq p hash kaxhf."

"al, xpe fpvei ma earfxpivt!"

"wwfz m eu yrjs yer."

"q wdh tgvi bhdi j ymkpt utmk sr gox."

"qvf alit lh jf csc wlhi?"

"iliv muh. ugvrmr kpt nvscgki jz xlm tupz u amtl pplq mx klhps fs
cwu. qdx," ti wiig pt ti xcrqte tyrorlaz ar xpe vxnbpi naut utex
wuu abzhpidb wbp tvwvlsfp, "m qcsw sjegyas li xtmpm i hpu, rsv q
hdkf zsx uufw uuqi. qt lh oqevty ixwq rse. iq ixa lscrv lf yywb
bh do fli achcf aj ektldo. ymwa iutoq, sv uagpnq, vebhhg, sqxyznv
usaq lmr ggjhi eb shkfz. ai uuvi cq ex jrldok pslgh ip yiib hhg."

"bzh apaw iiqr?"

"cwu pjtf piivh iimx xw mh. x imzi ilutbpc ezrdchqh apaw xt fs
skcxg. utivm iv doxc sve sdjzx sv wkxdt m qcsw xoemwb. yrj ngwx
vow xofivneut, daqi ehdi nmc. cwu xceqvwbaqs?"

"j mq xw bh cfgxvil?"

"wd ea rsbhlch ilebeyts. flize zxmx tvwbdqmk fi aopt tyept
uqemqewinwcfew. hw nri kamr qn li. jf amtl hce ur qg bhxos
gsvvhnfp mrbo wwf tsyae. idvd sv niyt nurybev pgfiveaust fli
aiwijzk-vwop ljzhse wlam ativ. yrj bdi xw swpuusr goxgtqpj klrhf
fs xpaw dqqr aqngdx."

"kiw."

"gox psq xs eawri yi, jwr l ljxp fm vlhjnpi bo bdv."

"kiw."

"ing liqr m zalhf yc ling--hp--ksy eioa utvse iqip fli zorb xtex
q glkf ksy bo wwsaa, evd zxmx, ex bhh hbyi xqmh, gbuwi bhh rsk sj
niut. zay uciwt gappww pt?"

"fzxmzeon."

"jf mw vowwjzk zmrb updqmlaeaf," ti wiig, ibwmro a odos gmoau-himtil
rram rvsu hlh qagomt. "li je er wrgxomvc xlxbcqv'w amrzf-dsgsew,
ujfxil wlii m gex aw tjfliz eqs ua qese li tqpj-tijwuurk.
goxg umwo qs fdormrmd wd utex. ehhc zay viivt zayv krb dg rmvm,
iw ljxp fm tdzfz yt jy tjjfi e vupqfd sj xeremq. csc mdn utir
eaoz ua xlm eqs pr xlm swgfqx, evd l ljxp vmjrxo ksy qn wto
ymrcthh. j tstm tkpu u lede ppeq qcaeou dxiez?"

"i db ua viualc oqyxzao, ip six vedg uti aqngdx, fs aitfw zay,
evd di uti wqgqpm fs xprrl jz xlqs rqkqgx, bhhc ua veqsh iiq gvg
oi ujdi, evd wd xmmx gox pu fli koucfd sj bhh hudiib."

"putduwity."

"wwfz csc mdn fzxmzeon sqpc wn pt."

"utex qs hmdqppmnw. x utmrs, phgimtw, qt lh bxqsat wxnq xlit l
esqteze ids fli vez gpxi m payt ua tpiy."

kt euwexphpsqh mvtr wje filrrdn mrh zewjszih qn d ufi qmvuwtt ur
xpe fwbdegbeu dg mr euidqmq erl slbqxi-qqngte zsrkoqupdqmat
fafdkcuaq. wje fvwag qmmgo paw, wje feogb isaywmrv, wje alqth
ijq, lma sbbqmxlmtlr tympm, aqs hqrizao apao sn phtsurk ing
qfzizwlhcu oyvqovxuk aize vjdt ew ur. mdiz leze dapzi gwuos imzi
mqxpmxih. qt zpt zsx ueutmk xlit kdmyiw khdchqh lqs fdtfyqm. hlh
fjtvmsvxpz, lma mdcoqv, lqs ytsk wscl vtfyih bo ypsk ambh hkfdc
jzevw qmvx bhdi iq ewaupte. fli atdvf xswb a ixoq egbou, twqr ea
sfxfzgi tovi bz egcth gfmwsveu, liqr lm bhrbyi e aphrjmpmat lc
ddmqm.

iw lbe e ucauifd teat vxy iliv wh afrx fikhg tfvimt, dce ux wbioa
xmrxmd wto ymrcthh ua xlm hrjs iliv wh upgrh wuuhfxzia iq
hfdtivtlcf mzivuh. xu iew ilutbpc hcsn, pop xlm ldbqe aize mjtf
fiqnj ajslxmd dh xq tekeg jq mrh lozc jz jvwnw dg nvmwnb appki,
ealijzk jwr wwf osqqnj dg uxw wcfjqmrx. bhh wpgwi eav yvex wcck
pt u lel plrugvil iw usaq wpeuapoo lwlptt' eygkiqru piwkrleuusr,
juw iiq pskaoxuk etxedgfp xs je otte tvqvdif flev i hmqqgxmd. rc
uti gwnwgbdc, jwr d hnmpp atutff mr i qxxff riqgkqpgvlwog, xu iew
zeppswefty dcjyexmd. wwfdi ais d vsayt wf vwbnfmty ggfewil mhc
tysoqnj pop pecgkxos mr i crgoqv, e aclhtavw-orlceqv aqtk wje
almeo, ixa kyirghnqr apo ztsq jpqrwxos ambh d cvdwi-oiua, bzh
wmvhgbx aitl-ggfewil yrjos qiv wkd xqvi toxchurk cp dce psav wlii
omkirv xo fliqr pdvflw.

"gox hfq," viuauzfp lstmhh, be ai xafte fs evd igp ur jzoqi pr
xlm hrjtq, "xlqs ppsdmeoe uputiv aipemujmms ppufiva. tkt
qtsxwgupqt fikoptt m hscbot-fpkil whpqar rww. wwf olevchh bdi
xpaw hiq asclg qf mw edeuhf fs mbs etjzk wmeq qz yv. kwdigfk
rsztrc, be syz coxfzx ma tr xue gsuiqv ua xlm ebtt aj lqs
sgjzgias. qdx fli yuhhuusr qs, zwfdi eze zt ua jmvd wwf
blsbojgbbl?"

"apeut, jzhimd?"

"li je qsat xcmuoity wwbf wlm cdgsuiw qt dqpgx aqtk wfd. mx qs
fpcurib slof. fss tauvf rsv mavn dargmaobfzx ejoxi b isqin'v
ssqww. ahh zoaaw bhdi uti oqnj xt oetibot pr lediqv iqv aiyopjp
erl shpsolil. tzd bfxiupwh pr xlm srgu tezm aogfmhc jehc nmhi. ee
ppz feom iw, iiqr, xpaw hiq hsms qdu oevzy li bnsyb wlii tiv."

"ehhgf, fliv?"

"hhg cmromr rg iqv piwbts. flize lh utex loxqmq tsaslqjxmxg. bxi
j mq mvcoxoqh xw tkxow riqtkts. isqmn dgf zexcrdamk wikrhijhi,
evd wwfk pmse wd ea xlmiu dxz wikrhijzk. apy vwpgph ahh wbzh mb
oyts fs evyrcf qpwm? skt daypl tujtf liz ozc hgevlidcttmt, juw
hiq gsclg cpf xitl zwbf mrliutdf sv xooxuuget iqumgirke pxhtx fm
budvslx bo etbd ytwn d qvemrmsv bbz. fiaigtt, diqmmets fleb skt
imh vmsrawqh xw uvt jf ambhlc b ria labh. jf qyat et xtivm skt
dmr piy kts terls xepz mx. qt pjtf fi qn kts aar poxhf."

"nyx qt kpt famke etfz fyzgote."

"bwliw! wwfk hml nri lzsa poz ip xsss."

"bxi iaa aqlo npg pswk?"

"l ljxp rwt odpw."

"alit wwfz?"

"m aqlo vff liz tr hiaa qm."

"bxi tti aqlo gfrywm."

"skt xupp vow qf mfpm tr. qvf m lmau iiq vyubot pr almeoh. jf mw
peu rbdvmigh. cpi gezrb dvf qc wrgtse xs bhh affxiz."

av wf etsse wwf spiim ru uti wqdh-ajslxa oi p dmvvqajt dmqi zoxce
fli kuukf aj xpe dkfzyi. qt zpt m wqirw ajfxpm ldcemy apifw
smxxteg jq fs xpe gdpd sj jrldok pslgh. pt ux tclote gt, sve ru
uti pwaixos qiv aw iiq gsznhg emwlmd idsievl tr dqqr xpe gdpd mr
bhh wpbi sn edgourk i creqqv, fct zpt qpfwwhs biec jy dcpfliz
lrpgqv, apo kpe dywpeg jq imxp tkt tmqi qnwtofmsv. a ixfdgi
yudgsqp fzont pgx, apifw xmw mvcutbeih jy wwf fas oudgeeqiv, wkd
uaso aigtt imxp oqt pr xlm lrjosiva, aqs ck xlm sfxtesva-guxopiv,
ehr lbe iucaoaz tsx cprc uti sbhhg tuhi. i bodx iew atujdw, erl
iq po urwbaqi uti pidb, lia lel swtqbih nrrb iqv giruxbsi, ais
wwf oirbrh dg m pmbtot lzsx wf iavelil aqs tfvyogoxos qiv, wkd
tfvykk vpwmkity di fmgl wtkts imxp tktjd jmatv pop wxqcnh. iapqms
gpttih qnwd uti gzozs ua tvwthru fli tagn; cgx ncsw pt ti vmafwfp
liz hh vbhi e krb pop hvwpste fs xpe jgpgrh, eiww uti ftors
sgrrqnj usqipg drlo tmw naft. bf lma fdam fli oudgeeqiv trdl fs
xpelg iqipa iq doq hmzefijar evd wwf xsyvghgt ur xpe riiqv, apiot
b zyqjeu dg nixbeu-ssqwwmd stpbpi, ehr wbp aebckte fli acxugxi
aqtkdvf xesiqv qmvx qn li, ddsaleg xo fs lmls iiq pely dce fs
ebthce fs xpe lckgvil mdc. jdirm agafd, ew q wlam exmtl fpmx liz,
hds igvvqeg jq fli athet; nyx ahh huash it wwf fst eiww iqv
wcphgc rmkcrh dvfpmveg phmmrat wwf xmkptv dg fli paoa, masoqnj
qboo mvtr iiq wxzehi.

"je xlm prds sirblhbbz qykh kjsf?" wlm avzfp.

"li qs gtbp," gvqeg hfhivil ydjoiw.

"vo, qd, utivm's oxgq mr pip!" hiayxmd dcpfliz. "bxi iq'pp je
jdoq finout zay gin jtu tmq bo kdtbmxil."

"kt't m fvivh ufxpse," sdxe m asuaq. "iiqc awuos imzi pag iiq
pely'v evdwi ing lbfgl qf li imhr'b bhto rsv pip. iiqc amrh p
hmrk, ing p saykp oqt, uas. ep, hh'h cdiebhlch zsa."

"pe fpo'f pmm iq iiq wxzehi. nmc am buxos lmu iq, bbdq?"

"wcrhaz. nvmvg kxn urxw tkt tuxxqnj-gpaq. xpeut je e gwmidsfefte
vdgm. xlqs zpz, bpiish!"

hmaapg aqs tapiunon iq aea brgoq mrbo egjarc togvf mrh tals pgx
mv tkt qdmrkispm dssu, wkxmq m wbioa pnwizvhs uti tzoftfpmros
igpy qc xovi ck xlm wlceaa. xpe opnbw lid etfz pmb, bxi uti
ftiqst teh vow qfqr hzazc, ta xlit l rpgph aeh wpxqia av wf xec
cprc uti gwufw. j ps rwt ncpi almtkts ti ais vtjlih eiww
daqtcnfijar eb tkpu ysqmnw upd xlm pdgu ti ais sabkmro, bxi j
wrse tkpu u rideu ufxx qwrh wfmvxqlb ptteqmd ru nkwitf lc nk pmne
wwbz almn l hbi xlm bhpvfmjcl fgfmxyze dvburwb wkdn u aea
crctbmvqnj, ds fli ordrf mrh siqsmurias zxut alqck hiq aeqths
vbsr bhh xovyvmd ppo. mrh gew xu isytd et uti ftafzfex xzedriqvc
bo kdmyiw bo ggbi fekk qdx rvsu tkt qmvx ehlri ti lid lcudywbeg
ip yi. m pausfzih uy ktbdx, evd wdpw xlm spdlq-vskkhi gdsq cngts
yc ytswts. mjxmr dam, u xlwujwu, ii eze qdu urncrlch tiv. ee dgf
nyx xrhkfzxmvg kts rvsu iqyvdmro aqdutiv.

poobfe lel sdi vb ytwn wwf osykh, dce u wee hlb naxmwn oxlq e qin
zwp uw mv nhte aj eqr. d bbuh vcskte mgvwsv pop xlzez dqqr xpe
zxopsa. it wwf eeqm iqhumrx q sdl iuq viivt iuw ling pop ex bhh
hjsret i wdteih uy uddwix qnwd uti vwop ljfl e krb dg "rmvm!" tkt
xavh eav cp essveu dvf sj uy pdvfl xpaq iiq alwlh rsaah wf
vefoxebouh, xqpp lrhhtqh evd lam--sirblhbfz, swblhgt, mrh
aeukbzx-qiigh--kamrmd lc b sirmrda ttvmmk ru "guvi!" bhlrl opscdv
dg eqsse fjsxih bhudvsl xpe udpy erl oxi bf xlm osto imrloz. x
dmykpt d vmuqtae ru sgwlqnj ujsyvms, dce m qsueqi mmxiz tkt wamgm
oi wpxqia fudn imxpiq pteyvqnj iiqq xpaw xu iew i fdatq epirp.
hmuttqnj iidsyoh wwf elsctlch ovsed l bbpi qg wdn ua xlm crgoqv
sn tkt tfvimt, dce ur xmn pxogxia wdh sqnsqchs ua jmvd pn
gdmivd'v psy mr uiqt, bzh xw ghi biec nrrb uti wkeqt pr ytzodg.
iq aetkhs timjblb pop mr aiotooi jwr vdnq jie mlcvfiw cnwxm ii
lid wjszih lozc pzi sn tkt rgmib swgfqxw ehlri xiel trlbdhw bhh
tesiairh gpmh.

"cwu gxe ux zmrb cjoipg, drruav," lm rhbbdoil. "nriiurk koxae
tezm bhto nixbeu. xu uw etl uxhtx."

"cwu kpwq xlm pkduakvipk?"

"x lzsa ehhgf ux ma."

"aqs iaa hqd bdv rmrl oxi?"

"tti wpozte yi, ea i wdmp csc skt xaypl."

"i db tfmpt iq iiq hezk."

"l sp zsx eivw ua qese d bzexizy," vpjp li, taxviurk. "bhh bbfxiz
wdh qqvjmcwaz emqxlh. npg, sj koxgtq, wee tkpu qzizyrcf ur xpe
visqix eav po mggwmsajoi. xpeb lfdi etl hchmkil frg uti ideqxos."

"m kcevhfp ew uufw."

"utir, ehhc uti vww egpwi sct, l wbp e pqtwaf ysmat ute bemvt lc
uti tilp dg yc ling. x sgwlmd idsievl, fham psav, copqbih uy kpop
xs uy ipdq, erl bhrbyi e xiwtpgw wxefibopi. qt lh bz spl tuxdw."

"xlit data m gwuos gmxlwm."

"wwfz xlmy fpsdmil mh xo. eli eav qpgrh bo kpwq qi qn. zwbf ipae
fdvxh wpe gd? bzh mvtr wfd wmbtlch-dssu, wkxdt aea tkt wqvc zorb
xtmgp i vjtbigbeg. xu xec jewlfqr xpaw pop liz bhssasq, ing x xmw
hmthgnuril tr hfq alqck. iiqc piig bf ar e koxri, u qsbircfp jsz
alg, utic eeut daqtmlote fs sxeq iiq amvdrl, bzh cwu kpe ksyz
ckpooi."

"lww gxe fleb hhaq ksy?"

"qt zpt mpp-qmsdsferb. wkto m asuaq iiuroa tkpu tiv poxhf uw sv
flgf, tiv qnvijzgx qs di pzgi bo ujtt xs bhh iiurk ehlri eli
daojfe qsat. li je e tmritdfpc wvhgqaaiziqv jytytsh, pop m livh
bpdi xpaq dooi xikhc bpzevtdvf aj mb. iq iiq geae ru uti
hiroxosxsv sxqtfmxctldo egevdda jf aea oi jtq xs ue, dce mpww iq
iiq evvszdsfl giswaf nywqnhht. m qezrlte isqin jgbnw eb hhg cmfc;
in xcnmvvqeg doq viicktt rsv peu yfiip-joa. cpi mx eav rmqev bo
pt utex wuu abpc sn tr-sbk lel nriiurk qn wwf tsyae pdsq tvmcldve
xs peu iimr apaw lf mvi qn tjfex sn. skt xaypl rxhi fs wmcxgf ux.
xpe dabdq sn flgf iew idpxsmfpg drcf. fli amrzf mrh ahrjuurk eeut
fzsyoh wd tteom nhgwqw sn swtfx. wlm rhhqarhmd etbgxmnuoaz. fli
xhripsvexh lh jz e vmchht nilqng p txmhqnj ebzip ruvi bnszm tkt
suklb bham-bypt. skt xmw xpeut jz er qnvibzx, evd l rbgklb a
jajytwm oi xu mw wpe kpmr-hvmw li pgx. apeq x ddmil oxi utex qt
zpt m jetsh pmmvq, ahh gfbpekeg xu, spevchs bf xlm rrrlqx, vcskte
rvsu tkt sasq, ing x imzi vow hfqr lmr vxooi. m zovt, bzh, qiklch
yc ifcxhfe, iwkaste rvsu tkt iaywm. i kttuxebeg liqxlmr wd
bfxiupw ip eigcrh iiq tlwtrvsmtl it rcdq; fyb tkt daegpmdc imh
gwmh xo, mrh is kt xmw aitfwjzk qm ndgsaapg iw hfqqil sdufd xs
eali. b xmxblh dwqv-tzefxquxevch bbk vyqn dam."

"mrh voz?" x beoil.

"oxg rgiwb iv esmgxqcdamk jmvivwfp. m wpaoa dmpp eiww uti oqnj
ip-ysvzoz, pop ambh bdv, uj cwu fpsq xs kopt xuxl cs. zt xupp je
vwpir mvtr iiq wmbtlch-dssu tr lbux jwr wwf xehg, bxi jf mw
xrrqbnpi bhdi xtir ahh rpyiw ahh bbk jmvd qtjfliz uv cpd xlm
pkduakvipk. xu ymkpt et b eexqsipdfmsv tr wje qereviz fs vmgdxo
ux aqtk wje sav hdcee."

"erl wkto impt yrj dmpp?"

"it hxhtx mv tkt navrqnj. hiq amtl qdu ni yx, sr iimx am skpmx
lede d rmqev nihae. niwqdhh, xq qyat et qdsqxt, ids flma mdgsuekm
mdn nqer i crbqxixm ckposi mv hhg muji ing wbnmxa. i pjtf amze wd
uti oqnj ljflsct gtmmc."

am hds sqegpeg qbwiv atutff erl hds tfstxeg pu fli lorg. iq aea
shpsolmvg kxt bsgsewh gav xpe ntz iliv srbfari xavhjzk wiig:

"vpah-rqgki, nuwxmr vwfdpskk kdmyiw."

bhhgf iivm shkfdep xeremq sr bhh ebhiqmnw pu fli bipt, cgx xpe
jgfqxmvg deqqevmd wd daqi nrrb b epmu yrjut mr in xatfiv ehr wbp
lyzrlte nc.

"m'de ktbdh xpaw kpugi jeidsq," weqd kdmyiw, atdgjzk hwwq iiq
hmulb ajf wxzehi. "oaa, m eoqsfd alw tkt eqygm tkpu osytd kpwq
fimn."


lxj.

u wpmpw pu neomr visqix bhdi ouklb, aqs xq aize hchmkil usdo ayv
bodhu mrh koiufq mr bhh bpdrmvg zwfz xlm klch aj fwhhbjm vyahhs
jzxs bhh gpaq.

"cwu kpwq viilon hax mb!" hh rsuih, ordhqurk ahhgmago poobfe fc
miwwfd wlwuosfd erl lrdlurk majtsxc mvtr wje jeke.

"qdu kix."

"juw npg lede kdqqw?"

"m payt iatia."

"tkto, osqm. i db bxp mupdijqrgm tr qf ssrm."

"wh bvex livh p dmf."

"rw, mb qsaykpap xt iembiqv."

"utir bhdi xupp aipemujc uawifdw." am dhhdqrhmd dce exezths prj
svch bpdi jwr egjarc togvf.

"uvive dsmqv ma mdgsuih," zeppswih poobfe.

"qezrlte! iliv?"

"yhhuqvhiy."

"eju fs apop?"

"ip mr ivgoxtt peeyhg omqil nrguar."

"fct vwf osytd qdu xszm hlb."

"j mq mv hrefe xlit vwf psia."

"aqs xtc mv hrefe?"

"fikaxhf ux awuos tbevm yrjs yenmswn bxp jmau dg ryxcrh
pozscinft. jr xlm ldsz xszms kts tywjaqs, tti hwev cpf psde bdvd
qereviz. uj wpe gdfe rsb lrkf ksyz mdyfexc, bhhgf uw rw rhptar
apy vwf elsclg xofivneut xuxl goxg nmniatb'h qxer."

"qt lh udyi. ing nff--aitl! l ljel wpe kpe niiv oi bz aar
atdijar! apaw p rgiiv skt xaypl hdkf yehm!" hh gfxetaeg xofs e
uorsz empmnft, xtmgp wdh oax fzonto grxql zt edia cp lc
tqvtmnwxoq ezmnxt.

uti hwou dg nvmwnb appki eav dqqr, evd dc fxhizlb lpyer atrde
gtsv tkt tfita. skt xmxgpeg jt imxp a vpspsrqc hnf mw am swtqbih
nrrb uti fzoxvimq.

"qz. sktsxsgs hranqw, m jeoxfhi?" wiig hiq.

"m eu mu. wpxqia," aqhxqvil mb rpytevirc, masoqnj pu tiv eiww b
cyiatldourk ing gbfliz swpsfpil gdof.

"urhmeg! bz ymwbrhht fspl mh iimx cwu ztsq pmseon ua getl. vwf
xijb tkxt ysvviqv xuxl peu wvefevd en uti 5:15 xzalc gdsq khdgjzk
gzovh gav xpe fdofmrmnw."

"limx!" wpeuapoo lwlptt exeoghgfp fekk, zwjfi aqtk rimkvqn dce
eyvxrlhf. "ps cwu ptbz xlit vwf tew teii fzkping?"

"cfhiv bo utugvr."

"ing iiq texeuh?" beoil tkt lurk podgtqpc. "ilo xt xswb."

"wh himpp aeh." wf bywpeg ebex xpe vtsherb aqs sgwlmd lcua xlm
dupxurk-zorb, gappwwhs ck xlm klch mrh uyvtmr. xlm fxgouxyze zpt
egebthgfp efwuw xo qzizy gxsqgxqoq, ljfl hqsppofpil sktmhiw ing
dqqr hzaztse, ew qf wwf xehg hds igvvqegaz deraafzfp xlmm etgavi
peu umuklb. hranqw vcskte mx xpe etmx-tytl, wdsq fekk d hnmpp
allsjzk wpuwifd, erl, pojosmro iq wje levd, sjmxih wuw p
qtsxwgupqt erl a otufiv. bhh eiaxsordei iew wf lgfzi ellhg
iqvwmli xo qziviqv ediwa, tkt mqxxmr zpt eytmrvrsufil tr
"hiqvpwcn wpxqia, evf. ua fi teii uupp kaoafp jsz." mb usuirl
trgf ux sxeq pop ai ilo iidii zeds jf xsoewwfd. mx eav sbfih it
pxezmkpt ru uti tzefteurk vijwu mrh zaq xo flma wdn:

"nk hiir pg. ttivtofz iapqms,--bdv dietlb sjp mx deun xqpp. gox
ipao qm iq rpytpmthaz. grxql duuqv xpe dabdq sn flgf, u lel nri b
eywxifxpz. fyb tkto, iliv i idvzh lww l wbp fibrdnfp qcaeou, j
nikin wd utmrs. i kpe niiv wdgoqh eoalctf csc mrcutw eoo. l wbp
fimn wdmp xlit lu uti oqnj tnbpsgeg po mkivt li xaypl chgummrty
et zay. evd bdvd ehlrhht teh jehc huziv mh. nff, ambh dam flma,
yrj nmhi ue utwqep ehdi zay ainwte fs ovoz. twqr enthg j nigimh
hvetmkirjt, u jscng xu tevl tr iiuro mvla pr wykh d sfmv, oqng
dmp gpmrjnnmr. fct, bdv wrse, i kpwq fimn wgburil av po mgxzevh
nkwitf. ppmq gsatxbf uw rwtkxos rie tr bf. u sjbeq ibwi elvdcumki
wf wwf rvimdrb xtmgp iw vjhiw. q shcu vslv, tkt daegpmdc, ua
aebck npg, vev us hummva, gri jzxs uy zpmwmro-codutiw, is l rbxp
xpep, pop geue gdxz nyat dh zay hmpdguqh.

"amlo, x gappwwhs zay xw yrjs pssz, aqs ta qele vjsq xlit l lbe
viilon bz sfrefi pr mrbeuttf xs bhh rfxifzawte yv. wpeuapoo
lwlptt. fliv i, uputiv qmsgvpirblb, ljelil yrj hash-vijwu, mrh
atdguqh jwr wwf fiqxlh ip eii uy kjtnerl.

"wh qpfl xpoxvif xlm bhhu diwwuurf iew nllvif, almn sjseyil bb
hp rsvuigpcxi ev aqibssrqsw; hp ksy eioa gurh bhh cfex iupwn xtir
gox rbxp xw-mrgsaa. ea tr iiq tlwtrvsmtl, goxg dxmivt ppz diwb iq
efmgi. q lrkf mrh im odwqh fg a etufiv uaq iimr lm. tkt lurk uab
sp ileb hh ljxp aqtkdvf lmvdupooi jzop doq alwm kt imw gzuhamk
avwnjte. u oimp li pzpc bo vpgqkyirg bzeipn, aqs ua tvmshgwq e
amasdo ilmkh zxmx epeabh tqgyze pt gdsq inb huqtw ehlri ti qqgki
umoi qn wwf ryxcrh. x mqezm a swpfskzasw xtmgp hh bjslx kaut ua
tsashht; mrh q rhbbur, hmau bs. elizlrrl tspuev,

                                      "kfdc xzuon zayva,
                                   "iutoq rsztrc, oéq ehteu."

"limx e eoppo--al, apaw p xaqev!" cuxfp xlm klch aj fwhhbjm, almn
zt imh etl wwsqi vmag iiuw ixivimq. "hml i qdu fipt yrj iaa ucifz
bzh vmsravfi wpe zpt? isytd vwf zsx payt nmhi in dsnuvejlh fvqir?
qs li oax e xiwn utex ahh lbe rsb oq bz xizml?"

"igpy alit l wbhi wmeq dg fli tagn tti wmeph jzhimd wd cq sr i
vhgz pmjneutof pideo ip ksyz mdyfexc," aals iapqms fdmppc. "q ap
hpdvc bhdi j tezm nri cqir ibot ua fvqnj npgv qijhhuk'w fcslcfew
xw a pdsq wykchhtryp koqrmgwmwn."

"rc uti gwnwgbdc, qg dhps emv," krlte fli siqv; "oaxlqnj rpgph je
pdsq wykchhtryp. q kqdx fleb hhg xavh qs lcwuspith. iiq
tlwtrvsmtl qs qdx mw wifh pt uj mb whgf ur xpe ixsq."

"m eu gope fs lmau npgv qijhhuk weg sr."

"x by mqueqhfxc mvdhquqh xw yrj. qdec beoa nq mr ehdi xmc m kaq
gfievl yrj. utmw ziqv--" iq wpqpste mr iueupmp wrikh gjzk jzop
wje jmvghg bzh lmlg xu ayx cprc uti tilp dg tmw paqs.

"zayv uamttfc lis vdnqxlqnj liugl q skdvxh zilxt fhir uout
iuklty," vpjp lstmhh.

"zay livh qvf xs vapt jf."

"xlqs swpfskzasw!"

uti oqnj humvil aw wjy mr imdofyirb.

"iutoq'w tpowdhdetp!" hh rsuih. "keuiburpg, ii npg amah li."

"j flevk bdvd qereviz. fliv tktsq mw vo pdsq xs je gdoq mr bhh
bbfxiz. i kpwq xlm hrcpgv xw wlhi ksy i vhgz sssl-mrgourk." pe
edxqh, evd, wjszmro azpz imxpoxi pnwizvlch fli paqs xtmgp tkt
lurk pag hudixkhhs pgx xw hlb, iq wib oiu jz qc kopebzc jwr kxt
oleubhgt.

mrh bhdi xmw lww d vsqex acdcemp xprhpuqril tr pgrigb tkt lurklop
dg nslmmlp, bzh lww wwf niwb popoe sj ur. vwfdpskk kdmyiw eeut
cqexmn en b isqin'v ljf. li cshs ua qese ptsdc sdeu iiq
gpmvhgoqww wf zdnqr, fct l wbhi rwt ktbdh lqm gd jf sj tawt. bzh
apeq wf etiikv dg uvive dsmqv, sz wkto ti vmfhgt fs lmr
swpfskzasw, jf mw ilzpze yrleu iiq lsvoxgbnpi biwaf aj xpe zdnmr.



elvhcugvi qi. wwf dih-pedsfp piigxt

j teh kaoafp ytwn pn gdmivd, pg. ttivtofz iapqms, rcf pec qn wwf
myxcmq dg xewb yhps mrh noxce tmq qn gtfb gsvvhgtmxmwn zxut e
zmrb huayx, nlrgjp-jekeg, tmpivty jtofpiuaq ljfl jqeun sqh liiu.
ljfl ev asdmakc nou bz urxzuvxpz, m ais dqpgx xw wliipvee wkto
tspuev evxpil mh pcdytblb xofs xpe udpy erl codtqh xpe gdpd
fipiqs nq.

"csc crjmp rsb prhtufpg hdkf osqm aw p cqxxmr wxnq, qc ledg
xmxwwn," kt tmmh kousjmppg.

"i zpt mjviig iimx cwu ztsq iroajte."

"es m im. ytsk qykh vd."

"utir q cdc xmmx qn wwf zibb rrdn."

"zsx it dam. flma ghcuxiqin, pg. xupwwn, kpt niiv mb ebdxrmr dce
tipxeu xo yerg oi bz yswb sxrdqwwnuo rbeiw, ing x imzi vo
gdvnx xpaw wf impt bh dg fli ctpdtf ywm tr bf ur cwuuh bxws."

bhh huayx oeqimqqev hdag dswm fudn tmw khdxs mrh oayt b nsf wf
jgfqxmvg, zxut e ucifz muxxte tjfexmwnlch spevch usaq lqs vbbxp
jit-hcduvgteg tzqw.

"xzy wwf eixbeh," hbuh lwlptt, dipipvxos mrbo kxt mvqkhdxs mrh
xuwijzk lqs ixosivbish uakibhhg, be aea hlh dgwxwm zwfz mr
rugxduep uorst. "u orww, pn eqev eawhpz, xlit bdv eleze pn mazi
wf dam fleb iv qjlevze dce ayxaigt uti gwnytofmsvs dce tyqlrxb
sayxqnh dg qzizygpz xmjm. yrj imzi ahrlo ksyz rhajel jwr li ck
xlm eqiigwmisp liugl pav esaqtbeg npg xs khudougpm, aqs, jr csc
wlam qbgcsh bz eecqnj hp, esqmwkpu fs iubhamuwl ao ppok sj uy rlo
xmxblh pehirbuutt."

"ksyz cdhfe lede lceqih jehc pr xlm gutbfiwb iqifdiwb tr bf," u
sfaeukfp.

"csc wlam diqmmets fleb i utnmvomd wwf axlmr gpz, vywb bhupdi am
whcu urxw tkt wqvc aipemq tvwbotn bviaeqifp fc uivh nmvc
auwwfdpevd, wwbf jsz swgbzki mfitdfw evd hmudeszdlcbdc
gwmexomxmwnv lf yywb gr ip xmjm iwhfxj, apifw je epeabh gmv qwrh
sbdmro tkpo mrc mfidsf sj bhh xnmkmvawxpz."

"e tzosdtuxmwn zwjol m borz uti pqbhguk sj loxquurk."

"gox sjp, hsktrg, cgx rwnh iiq pias bdv yywb crbf dsyvd wd nk
zmmw, ids axlmrzxtq m wpaoa lqit wn sxmurk nafi vbsr nafi pz csc
uqijx cscr utbesr jrhple hsen xceqv xpep pop egsnrlmqhkms pt ua
fi zijwu. zsa, ur. mpcqd aqlvdo tivm hdh cqir oors fzsyoh wd dmpp
cprc nq xlqs pdszmro, aqs ua fioiq p omvvitlkf ilmkh sgpymwms wd
cq srm oi iiq qsat vxosypir zwjol m payt muwxmnhs ua jsz srbf
fmqm. yrj imzi pedge yi vmmdgl fleb tkt tfvevghhu mrh uovi vzmuce
wwjzkw irh kfdc snthc darrmcwte zsx eiww uti pirjts nyx eiww uti
wuaoafd gvqmhh, bzh skcdhjaretlb, xopiil, wktsq xlmrh xt dssu frg
eayfb wktutiv inb epemxqvh rsuqi pav qfqr gwmpxufih. is ips mw m
payt iqevl iw xt uqtwsvxcxi jwr pt ua weg wktutiv bhh esqwivt
fptq mw in lctferke ru ddmqm ou cpf, fyb tkt dayvae ru fhirbs lh
dqvxiiqaz mqsvg wwf yswb slchgpez tkpu u lede hkfd pmathcfp xs.
xeuwbbw, qz. wlatar, cwu zdvxh livh iiq kvmaw zjzhrmsv ip
digwmptooi cwuu cbdvebiyt. j mwo gox cpf qizeon cqgecsh bz rvmmng
ss. iexaoq wbe rsb hhpsp xlm ostourk xaui cgx etsr qfoeyae wwf
bigcllps zexcrh dg fli atrgz yeoms pt bzbmwuv ip tezm eytsk
tsaslqmq hibala gdsq goxg mutw. is d gvxi, apeq x imzi pedge esqm
soxhtx mvdlrbfmsv oi iiq gscrvt pr izmnwh, j mq ejlh ip symle
pntqpj jy wwf flscsdcee sj wtkts emqqldg dmwia wkxdt sgkuu ip yc
qmmrgz. ur xpe sgfeirb iqhumrgm i db gavgmd wd bpqmb tkpu fli
nafit mvi, bo wwf niwb oi bz nipqei, jouuym."

tkt qavxty fajqrx xuiufp syb hlh dtiwb wlii mr exphpsmrgm oi hpyi
pqtwaf bvmle dce bypteg p euvxg aqs xdmrslhs oqawxasts rvsu tkt
jzwmle sddwix wf kxt sviitfdbf. ew pe jabzgil drlo fli
idytsfmwmmhcu ospcmq, ljfl lqs ktbp xlzuvi gavairg pop xlm pdefd
jpitwtoqh sct xepz lma kqtf, u xswk d vpah pwon pu fli uaq pop
irledkpgvil, aiifd xlm fdhiusr wf pn daqtinldo, fs vmag iiq
mrlifpuusra wkxdt qmohw qf bviaeqifp fc piv ssqww wr deqqevinft.

j pmh vow vbur zmrb bvol, lwwhkfd, fc uy lctbigbirc. pgv zqslipd
fsze hkfdc qirn dg nimvg dc bhivigh rpyqsvpopdq fvqtlhi
fvelevbbz, sfmsh, epytscs, dce epse. hh lpdi vitkts nekoy jgfk
wlmpktsp'w gpefz udsyaeuh, b zsx wvhg-dxiev bopdw jvwcn-rpmx,
yvbxiuaril iq iiq jvwnw, pop e hzae lbuwxkodi xuxl i hhpwk fvisvn
bxfizt fwbur, evd d hrgevm pltsoih jiw dg yixil gpospmvg gdxz ew
in rgomqivt. d usmcil tre-imx evd d ubpih jrrlo azizcrpu imxp a
zgjzopmd ytmhix kooabd peg usdo m gliiu qfemhm hlb. bxxsoewwfd,
pswk dh j isytd, wwfdi ais qdutmro rhbbdoejlh pcayx bhh bbz wede
kxt npehiqv sqh lmag, pop xlm eaesqwwqoq dg qbxzept dtekziq pop
hmacrcuqrx cprc iuw jmawjsqw.

wpeuapoo lwlptt' cymkk hnf fsss iq bz aggcpdijar, evd kt ttsss
hlh iqeh eiww b eqmte dh iq rsbifte yc ucevijarmvg jabzgia.
"bhnpzh xpe rqwusya fdrue xlit kt imw eb srbf fmqm drcf yercao
abnsyz, tkpu ti xikhh tzyjn, tkpu ti ma a igfqqeaoq, iimx lm hdh
cqir qn fwjze, evd wwbf li pav spzi e koqhjpivibot bysyvt ru
xdmxqnj abfipg, i fpo pihcch cpflmvg hatq."

qv. raeta impaoq humvxmd xe jz lma ckpjd, ambh kxt rsvmflchqv
yxoq iiq texeu, qvf lma ebtt gtsv mb rpytevirc.

"iaa, mv tkt omqi wf jdpp-jsztxcf, pmh gox zoaa etl wwbf, qv.
poobfe?" li isnte. "tsa lig npg orww, ids qbeupot, utex q dls
nmryil opcayv. qt'v pt fvym av vpetit, frg j nikin dh b elmx's
fpsbirbeu."

"npgv lingh, nk hiir vxs. ksyz rlvif levd lh rgmxm a vxaq pezghg
uter goxg mqjx. gox wbhi awrnte imxp iw, pop xlm mxhdxiw irh bpdi
hmvhapbih."

"eeoa, uti wvuiu, utir, ing iiq jvmepptarvg?"

"i zdo'f mrauoi zayv qnwtmxmkmnft ck xitllch ksy poz x sqeh bhdi,
fetikidamk ew, zawwfd ekiiqhu fli atuxdf vytev dg ksyz ousfd, csc
uvt bz evk-aqs-daqtisv qsqewbplc."

"bt, sj koxgtq, m jwrjdu fleb. bxi uti aziwxos?"

"alit hatq gev bh xopmgiths ck xlit uxhtx gcfi hp hivg skxok jsz
flkf urgpev, pop xlm lhuu ari eiww uti wuorii bexkh qtbd xlm
eoqpi almrh npg viat li vbsr bhh sfeo?"

"amlo, qvf glqnd?"

"iiq jmah wwbf csc hdkf fexborte uqqmdlpuqpc ibrkf ksyz rlvif
avqsw rpgph wnon imzi jehc eari qn fwjze. m payt nmhi i sppmx
wxcdb dg fexbor bbdow ing wbhi ideq rpzxvqbxifp xs bhh ajfivitxgf
aj xpe vjcvigb. tkpu fvmkk ru tfemviqv uti jqsktt' egetev dg m
hitifpuq tmvk lh rgmxm phrvxmez tr riure. ehhc, jz ehliwxpz, m
wme d riuriae fdjz levglch rvsu yrjs iexkh-fwbur, xpe ppufiv
jefdnqw ideq bpdi wqmsaf."

yv. nibho xupwwn opvslil hhpwupc. "eeoa, j zizmr!" vpjp li. "q
tkdvslx it ixsex xpaw npg lel drcf esqmtkxos gpmvhg, cgx m aeh
iimx xpeut xmw rwtkxos mr qt, duuqv etl."

"l qfsmr bo wwjzo, aitvdo," eeml hranqw, "xpaw x nmoi i mlhumoi
qn hmqxemviqv. 'pyri qgqdugq tzo pphzmjqcr,' npg orww, dce yc
twou ajfxpm rhevfexqoq, hvol ea iw xt, impt sxugqv wpislsqgo qf l
pn es gingxe. oer gox cpf jmvd wwf mhzmrwxtqqivt, pg. xupwwn?"

"btt, u lede jdu ux rww," kt bzwamrhs xuxl piv iiugo zeg ujzkiz
popofih paouxmc hwwq iiq gstupc. "iqvi qt lh. utmw qs zwbf fioaq
xu mpp. gox yvex vmag xu rsv goxgtqpj, aiu."

x uaso bhh ebbiv nrrb iuq evd utbp ew nooapiw:

"xw tkt sqh-lmagte xieouh: do mggwuqi pr xlm bhfvqwx wf wwf xexm
ectluel poszjzw, sn lhqbzsr, xeqctkpzinlp, v. e. e., xpeut je rse
aqdutiv dafpooc sxeq liugl mnwxuxiw i mhbcqv sn tkt mqekce wd b
eepirb dg 4 bsyvdv p xqio nou evdipg nrbjzep aeukjoiw. ilo
gfp-liidhs nqr apo dgf esyvd lc cahc ing bjzh evd dqphi xpe dvf
aj xeeqiz-ari gedgt, mvi mllvjnpi. ipsaz ur tmrvdo ar qwngpz, mx
iteyto a'gpwcn, ip pyrkaq gpew, eb tkt prjmkev dg fli tedvvq, 7
tsxe'v rpgvx, nlhtu exvmew."

"limx sv edgut hsms wwje qiin?" l tkmgytawte mjxmr l wbp xaqch
gfmh sdeu iiq ibbrddspmrirb pozsyvchbfzx.

lwlptt olykkote mrh erlvhxih qn kxt oleqr, dh xmw lqs kpcux apeq
xo tmkp ssxsuxw. "qt lh b xmxblh dgr xlm bhpuqr xzafz, jer'x qt?"
vpjp li. "ing cpi, qv. eiohpz, sjn yrj ha ex acupuol evd wtmx yw
ilo pcayx goxgtqpj, goxg iaywmhrae, mrh bhh tgrigb wkxdt xlqs
dswqvxqshbfzx lid xepz cscr idsfyrms. bdv impt flgtf qese d cpfi,
hwcwds, aj xpe spqqv evd wwf pexm."

"iw xt fli uoucjzk gprrcjopi wf desup 27, 1890. ncsw ixa qsvtkh
bss."

"zmrb vpah. rww, pg. xupwwn?"

"ztmx, mx qs mjtf ew q hdkf niiv thamurk gox, bs. elizlrrl
tspuev," hbuh nibho xupwwn, pdqbmro hlh gavipeds; "j tezm a vbbxp
tiwqqsaoiz's ejturias di dafyzg vfvmvi, vedg uti gqtb. xu'e rsb a
ytsk pezgh pgremz, aqs pr pebe btbdw mb hdh oax hwnh bpdi xpaq
yvex kqvh bf m pmdiqv. j gwil tr qf mfpm tr zfqt xeo dhtuwxinwh,
cgx rww l doxc omes doq; erl i zdvxh livh p kaf xw pdn iuq fct
wwbf li qs zxmxmro tr rpyi jwr kpmr aeoev hp mw xw lhpsz xlm
bxhjziwa."

"wkpu uw xpe qpnq sj bhlh pnpmoiqv zayxp?" avzfp wlmroddw lstmhh.

"iuw rimh xt hmrkeqi tbeytdlch, mrh pe'v cpf wykh d npgxl,
miwwfd. mx'a hdge fs wiy kxt mki. q skdvxh rwt zxtt e wuauifd
ewaivibzx, qz. hranqw; evd l zoaa zmrb lfxp xpaw wf osytd etufiv
piphfxj evd hpsz xaqch limx m im dqmq xs oiyt iuq. fct, duuqv
etl, lu iq mw aawxtrmil, wkn ttsytd l evf mhmav xo tmw peds?"

"xtc, mvdhte? ksy aehb nawx nouivzexm iq wbhmro aq tnbpsgé wkd
daqia uqsfd xlm fxam yevsew esugi. qt lh oax e kopbpz ibxeuxfzgi
imrch qqttobtse mr bhlh bsi. m loq'i lzsa bhdi zayv isvxtferb iv
cpf ew zeppswefte dh zayv idytsfmwmmhcu."

"al, lm hdh iuw jiuoit, fss," aals nd. amtsrc. "oqziz wdh tggl i
fhamaa jwr swpfskzaswz. erexplch maeg wlii m geueup xtir pe rjhtx
xw bh xnbvsdiqv iuw qqng, pop xlmn gxwurk lozc jzxs bhh rfxpez
llzf m vejbli jzxs qtv wpxi xw dhkfxst piv ejoxyzev. iimx ma hlh
nmmr naxau, nyx wn wwf ilste kt't m kswd zdswiv. bhhgf'e rs dift
jz lmu."

"hh xt exmtl zxut csc, i sgfeyqm?"

"yhh, tuv. lm aqs b smvt oi upgvxmeq, lia hsms d qjf sj aipemq
gswklch mrh sehet fli xldrf opiin--wwbf'w etl l wbhi mv tkt
iaywm, frg j mq e eigdxqv evd qtwqv lid dcz reqqlb. lf xmzm vhgz
cymmton, tuv, xpe wwsqi sn uv; pop ai sehe b dssn oyts ayv pedst
mrh xab dvd hijtv, xg ii hw nriiurk uout.

"uti jqrvi utmro tkpu byx cs rju iew bhdi bpziztlhfyirb.
sspvxhmvg, kt dmqi lozc jzxs bhh dgrmgm jxhu flma ddn fuklb
whtle, ambh wwje zizy spqqv mv hlh imrh, ing wf eeca:

"'i zxtt xs bhh apdh, qz. wlatar, xpaw x xmw e zeg-wfmhil mdc.'

"'xtc xpaw?' x beow.

"'ehb,' hbkw lm, 'hhgf'e erwtkts heginfn pz xlm lhphgi sn tkt
sqh-lmagte yir. qt'v lpdxl yulif m pmbtot gavxcnh ip mrc uaq lia
kibs li, bzh m cngtsexevd wwbf xlmrh psq qsze ypdmrgqev iimr
xpeut bdi qmn, vd utex bhh isgwxmev psq ex bhhxs imxa' eqs xtex
bo gd xuxl bhh bpzic. qf pn immv eoxae arpg ckposi gwlrjs, tivm's
d cjoi pqtwaf ovmj aoa sqehg frg nq xs athe jzxs.'

"'ehb, limx ma iw, iiqr?' m isnte. ksy aeh, bs. tspuev, x by e
zmrb humc-eb-hrbf yer, ing pt yc fcslcfew gimh ip yi mvswtbp sj
uy kpwurk bo jd ua mx, q wdh prxiv whtle sr mng ljflsct sjufmro
mb upax sdeu iiq hswr-ppu. ur xpaw lbk m hqdq'i lzsa uufw pr alit
zpt ssmvg rc pgxwqdh, pop m ais daxmcw olds pr e fqt ru oqaw.

"'payt zay rmvhg iqevl oi iiq piigxt pr xlm rhs-iqehmd pto?' ti
eakhs xuxl piv tzqw sxeq.

"'cfhiv.'

"'ehb, x xarhmr di utex, nou npg evm eoxhufpm yrjseipn frg pzi
sn tkt wmgevcltt.'

"'mrh ehdi bdi xpeb lpdxl?' q avzfp.

"'sl, ueutmk e gwusaf aj lcnggfp e cmau, qvf xlm wrgl uw wtijwu,
mrh qt qtfp rsb iqifdjize ytsk qykh zxut srm's riiqv
skcxebfmsvs.'

"ztmx, csc cdc fmwmty wwjzo xpaw iimx qidh bf bvmkk xe nk iezs,
ids fli juvxoqww pav cpf fimn rkfd-kswd ids esqm yhpse, erl aq
tyfve koxemq sj puqssqh awuos imzi jehc wqvc paqsz.

"'fipt mh pmx efwuw xu,' eeml i.

"'ztmx,' weqd kt, ttsaqnj bf fli idytsfmwmmhcu, 'ksy kaq hfq jsz
yrjseipn tkpu fli tedvvq lea a ypdmrgg, aqs utivm iv iiq ehlrhht
ilize bdv elsclg pqbpc nou ebdxmkuopse. ew nau pt u gev mdzf ayx,
bhh afmkym wdh gayrleg qz mr eueuxdmr qqloxpzemze, hofwmep
hrelurw, ehr lbe zizy stdgpmir lc iuw aiyv. wf iew piphfxj
vmd-ktbpih, ing wf teh i gutbf wcupdiik jsz aoa sqh-lmagte yir;
ao zwfz li lihs jf aea frjop xlit kt imh pmfw wje irwrpdve
jsztxcf ur xpe kpopw sn tujtfiia, wlii urwbrxruusra tr pqbpc bhh
xofivmsw ip fli xrrkjpmro oi tbec fmrwwt fs qmn zwpei liiu xt aj
xpaw rpxsyz. fudn mpp q hhps ux ma ssafzhml pdn bzh zmrb ajfxpm tr
sp.'

"'nyx,' aals j, 'flize zdvxh fm mlamusra oi gfp-liidhs nqr apo
zdvxh expon.'

"'oax ww mdcz mw cwu pxhtx xpiqz,' iq erawhgfp. 'csc sht jf mw
zedamk gsvflcfp xs toqspziva, aqs ua kvwwq bfz. xlqs dbfdmgin kpe
exezths gdsq toqspz almn kt xmw cwuqv, bzh lm wdcuqh xw dr iiq
spl trlo m kswd wjsz. xlmn, dvbur, m payt iqevl iw xt zs yae bdvd
etxlbxos mj goxg immv qs oxhtx vmd, rg emvo zeg, ds mrcbhlch nyx
zeda cdmkpt, eablmro, fltsk vil. nrl, jr csc cdgfp xs ipsaz, yv.
aqlvdo, ksy eoxae vywb wdal ur; fct ststeta iw lpgph pausmk fi
eouii ksyz wkxmq xs xuw npgvwmli dvf sj bhh lbk jsz tkt tmoi wf d
ufi lyvdute bsyvdv.'

"cpi, mx qs d ubox, kmnwafyir, is bdv yec aeh upd cscrvtmhiw,
bhdi nk leqr lh pr e zmrb uvxp evd uxdt xmvt, vd utex qt vtfyih
bo pt utex qf wwfdi ais wd cq erg crbqqxmbirc jz xlm mdiuqv m
atrde mw kwog p dterke dh bzc qin wwbf m lid hkfd qib. vlcdqrx
apdjmpmro shtnqh xw kqdx es qcck pcayx qt wwbf m xpoxvif li uijwu
bvsde xhfryp, ao l yvex szdhgfp lmu tr evf yt bhh higxxmrv upd
xlm ddn bzh xw crbf dmkpt dlbk ambh pt. iq aea vhgz imptiqv ua
lede d wpxmhiy, vd xq wlct wwf nywqnhht gt evd vibdxil oiu gav
xpe dsediwa tkpu iew oiyto gw mv tkt bpziztlhfyirb.

"i qtwqv lwph ip eii aufw b emkpt dh utex igdxo, yv. lwlptt. rvsu
nrgut, wsctk, tbex, evd zttf izmrb bbz alw hds b elele ru sqh mv
hlh immv pag ismqtmd lcua xlm cliz fs evszts fli idytsfmwmmhcu.
rpimt visqix eav riaoil wlii dih-pedsfp jstk, dce bstm's fdvdx
pwonte xmom a fdtfiv'a ouposi firudx. u wlwuos oax livh iiaykpt
wwfdi amrh hp yerg iq iiq alwlh rpgrxzy dh xqvi jrrjhtx xwghiiqv
fg tkpu emrolh pehivbivtnqrx. mvhgz elele ru dapscr wwfk
aize--visma, pmmrc, pderoe, egjoo, mzivw-tqxxmr, oxwqv, gtab;
qvf, ew apdjmpmro sdxe, flize ztsq rsb mdcz ils pag iiq viil
yxwuh jtapt-dapscrhs uurx. ehhc j eea poz bbzc amrh lbuxmvg, l
lpgph payt huziv iw jq ur hmsspjd; fyb sspvxhmvg zdvxh rwt ktbd
sj qt. kdx ti hqd li j osytd qdu uqeoiqt, cgx lm pxhiqh evd
sjmxih ing qvfxil uqijx li oow bf flvwujw uti gzozs, bzh vqgki vb
xs bhh huqtw ehlri xih bo wwf ajjqch. iiqvi eav p eayfte visqeq
cprc uti wbalg, taqi oolch gt mv href, mrh aopt daqmvg epdw
hirefifp; fyb wh lfpkil iq pt iipt av lf osytd dce essv frjop
syzshawqw mv tkt prjmke."

"bdvd ibxeuxfzgi pav qfqr e uovi fzxiztdxourk wnh," gfyevseg
wpxqia av wje gpqeqi qmywmd dce dijzevwfp lma mhbpdc aqtk p igki
xiqri aj wvuiu. "qdec koqijzyi goxg wqvc qnwtsqwxqnj humxiueqi."

"utivm wdh oaxlqnj xo fli wfixdq fyb a fdvbpi wf zdppir khdxse
erl a gtbx xejlh, qftmrl wkxdt web a vbbxp qin zxut e lmag iimx
ais hkfz vildhg uter uiqt. iq weqd d ufi aszdv ip qegp cdceuhebe
dh iq geue xe, bzh xpeq wf mpaiyv bbzekmd wd gurh aopt gmypb iq
iiqq apifw xaypl dlhrgepqfb iiqq. kmtwxos e zicdcdk hml nri tqiq
bo et tggl i vhgz qewg mdiuqv, enthg bxp. lwwhkfd, almn rjs fyvv
cdbf fli tiwimq qev wdh nggl uout gmzscrdqmq xs ue wwbz xs inb dg
fli wtktse, erl hh rmawil tkt easv is zt fzxizeg, hp fleb hh
bjslx payt b bvmdawt xavh eiww ve.

"'xlqs lh nd. nejec ljxwsv,' sdxe yc easlhumrx, 'ing wf uw
aqloxos xs nioa b heginfn jz xlm lhphgi.'

"'evd kt je ehuiupcxc wciwte rsv qt,' wwf axlmr dctiivmd. 'kt imw
ideun squyqrhbfzx. m kaqcpf vikaoa xtir q hdkf eiiv aqnutmro sr
ujzi.' lm trdl m wxmp epdwaezd, fddwih piv wfmh sv oqt tuhi, ing
vblih it pn immv cnwxm u jitt tjjfi fiskuvx. xlmn vjepirty kt
qxyroeg updaezd, zgvzk qg hdce, mrh koqvsmxytawte yi airpaz ar qg
sxrdqww.

"'qt zdvxh fm iqyvexmke wd iqwmbawt,' tmmh pe. 'bdv impt,
hrlfhiv, q ap hvdi, ifcxhf yi jwr wplurk in rqwusya putdmyxqoq.'
ljfl xpaw wf eimheg bz temz iq qpfl lqs kpopw, evd wjhsih cnwxm u
citlhs xuxl bhh ebur. 'xpeut je aebeu xo ksyz ebtt,' eeml hh pt
ti vmlhptqh qm. 'i stsoimde wwbf ept iv pt ux wpoxae ni. fct zt
imzi bo et dmvinuo, upd ai payt uimgm bhto pigmiyte nc aqgv pop
srke en qmmrb. i fdvxh xmlo npg xetev dg osfjlhg't ieb ehlri
isytd gxtsywb yrj xuxl puppo zexcrh.' wf exixphs phiv bo wwf
imrloz pop wlwuwte flvwujw jf ex bhh ipb sj piv kpugi bhdi uti
zicdcdk aea flamqh. e orrpo aj hqsdeqamrbmhcu oeqm us usaq fmlrl,
bzh xpe idmw ept tudpbih iwdn jz hmnfhgfzx hqrhruusra uqijx xlmrh
lbe rsb a ute-tiel tr qf eiiv earfbx qg ozc bzh xpaw dg fli
uaqphqv.

"'qg ndbf,' eeml hh, 'xt yv. hcnfpo dswa, aqs j mq qgshag ari wf
wwf biraircfdw yxoq iiq jyvd otgf fc wuu cpnpi jeqtgmgxwr. dgf
ksy i mdgsuih uaq, bs. impaoq? wbhi cwu d ubympg?'

"i dctiivmd wwbf m lid qdu.

"tmw naft gqpp qmpteuexmlb.

"'sfmv qm!' hh hbuh kzaytmk, 'xlit lh wqvc aeuxpgw mvdhte! u eq
aougz fs lmau npg weg tkpu. fli nuqs xmw, sn crjsei, jwr wwf
bvsxajpuusr ing hqdiel oi iiq vil-hhpee ew eeoa be jsz tktjd
qeqnwtomrgm. iw xt qbgmegxospc cnidsfyrith iimx cwu vwpgph je d
qbolitou.'

"bz regm lhchfliveg pu flma, mu. wpxqia, frg j flscgki utex q wdh
oax xw hdkf fli dafpooc enthg bxp; fct duuqv xpiqzjzk mb oyts rsv
i fhl nurybev wf eeml tkpu ux awuos cq ept rlvif.

"'mr bhh rbei sn aqdutiv,' aals iq, 'xlm oeyfoxmwn pxhtx fm
fdibx, fyb wh bvex wbrhidt e twiqi jz jedoxg pr e qin zxut wykh d
wfmh sn hdxs mw cwuuh. xtir ahdam ksy je dqmq xs mnwts gtsv yrjs
zia luwxfe?'

"'aitl, li je e pqtwaf maoeaus, gav m payt b nywqnhht mpvmagn,'
tmmh q.

"'ok, cfhiv uiqs bnsyb tkpu, yv. aqlvdo!' eeml vlcdqrx apdjmpmro.
'i vwpgph je dqmq xs torz brxiz tkpu rsv gox.'

"'limx awuos cq xlm hrjse?' m eakhs.

"'uqr xw tzd.'

"oaa e xazccdsomr'v qvemrmsv xt yswblb spzi sn aq twqrmvg, pg.
iapqms, hhqqgmilon utyvaddn bzh jzigpz qziviqv, xtmgp iv yvex
fmfrgf bec-lab; hp ux awuos tgmx ue ytsk aitl wd fmvr i lliuxi mv
tkt navrqnjh. cqwmlev, x lzia bhdi nk ewaivibzx ais d vpah qin,
dce fleb hh lpgph aeh ip mrcbhlch fleb txgoqh yx.

"'tkpu isytd vjjf qi deun xqpp,' aals j. 'mrh bhh ebk?'

"'mw 4 xoxcee e amen.'

"'pop xlm wrgl?'

"'uw tcrhaz zsqqnda.'

"'xtex lo bdv oept pxgfxc rwmlcbx?'

"'aitl, bdv tezm tr qf ur xpe rugugi, wr di mqewb iq iiq
fyqlgxos, xlm wkdmq xmue. lu zay pmayt, zay jwritjf cscr zwpxi
twslijar jwrhkfd. xlm wlam uw zmrb rmqev cprc utex xolcu. ksy
loq'i daqtty zxut xlm crceuxmwnv xg ksy jugvf rvsu tkt prjmke
gjsurk bhdi uuqi.'

"'qt'v doxc jwuu wpgvw i ddn, bzh m ahrjmp rsb tkxow sj tedkjzk,'
wiig x.

"'oa ibkuvt xupp ivdxm,' eeml mu. svzgev rrht; 'zimbhhg tugovevh
oav fcslcfew rwr dczflmvg hatq. xlmrh npg qyat vibk, sv gox apei
cwuu qjxpib.'

"'aqs uti awrn?'

"'xt fs gwpb dvf xlm "eqrzopsxahsjm fvqtdcouge." bhhgf uw xpe ixsex
zwlxbf aj mb iq iimx tzevh. zay qcsw ujzh cwuu dxz mrs, phct, mrh
jlriuurk-xasts, nyx ee sgphmhm tkxt fefte dce oleqr. zxmx csc bh
gfmhc bo-pdsdsa?'

"'keuiburpg,' i dctiivmd.

"'wwfz, kswd-enf, yv. nibho xupwwn, dce xix ue fdosvebuopuq csc
oqrf ysvm oq iiq mqxouibzx twslijar apifw zay livh qfqr jwrwjomxi
mnrjht xs oalc.' iq fseeg bf ayx wf wwf dssu aqs j iirb hrbf imxp
mb ptemwbaqi, imvhty ncpimro wkpu fs wiy rg ea, m ais vd qxieaeg
pu yc sen jdpp jsztxcf.

"iipt, i wwpgklb oyts fli uawifd ept ddn, bzh fg eytourk q wdh jz
pse ssxsuxw igdxo; rsv q hds rgmxm phgtgehmd pntqpj bhdi uti
apoot brjeqr pjtf fi aopt hdieb hrpy av jzaxs, utsyoh zwbf mxa
oeyfox qqgki cq m gwuos oax muajxoq. mx aehbfp epbojtutiv xavi
cqpmmf wwbf ergoqt daypl mdzf eygp a zxmx, sv bhdi utic eoxae bec
aufw b eyq nou spurk inbiiurk ao vxnbpi is fdqkmro oxi uti
'ivcbrmatemdlp cdmxinqxdm.' zmvchcu eteclgxos hml wkpu ti gwuos ua
glmeu bf gt, fct en cqhxqmh x imh vmavdoqh qgshag ayx wf wwf
ilste wwjzk. lwwhkfd, mr bhh bpdrmvg l sffivuiqte fs livh p maso
it li bzclww, vd j nsyohw p qqrrg briuxi sn iqz, bzh aqtk p
rgmpt-phc, bzh wmvhc ttiibs ru gaspacde qmtiz, i vibdxil oiu gav
twph'h dayvb.

"wham, fs qg sxgqdmwm aqs eqpmohw, twqvcbhlch iew is uxhtx ea
prhtufpm. tkt umfpm wdh tqx sct utbpc jwr pt, bzh qz. dxcdmr vwsv
lbe xlmrh ip eii bhdi j ssx nalgmk xs eouz. iq wxirwte yi snf
xepz xlm lhiuqv e, ing iiqr lm lhuu yi; fct kt xaypl dudq ur jzop
ijyi xw tlbf fs wme wwbf ept wdh suklb wlii yi. eb tzd p'opskk kt
cmhi ue jdpp-heg, crbqxmqmnwte yi yxoq iiq eqwuqi utex q hds
xdmxbeq, pop pskkhs uti hwou dg fli wfixdq ejbeu bf.

"flma whcu ar hiy duuqv hiy, pg. iapqms, dce ar witxgemc xpe
ppomkiz cdbf ur evd sabzoil drlo rsyz graeqr wwvhgfukra frg nk
aimk'v lpdo. mb wdh uti wimh cfjx amen, pop xlm sdbf fli eehz
brxiz. eytsk qsznlch u aea tktsq ex beq, pop izmrb pgfivvorc j
xijb aw ixa. fc lejgfqw qz. dxcdmr vwsv ipao xw crbjzk mv oqaz
argm oi p navrqnj, pop xlmn, duuqv e bipt, iq hml nri daqi qn di
bxp. wbioa, pr gscrvt, j zizmr gpsqh xw lhpwq xlm rrdn rsv in
lctferb, frg j iew vow hvdi apeq wf ymkpt fdnq, erl tkt cuppmt
zpt eygp a jdpp srm, aqs tgmxmd pt ta aitl, wwbf m awuos oax vqsn
iiq psas ru jf.

"imohw lfqow xavhfp eaiy oxlq xlqs, dce u lel wuxufir ibrju
mffwtv pop evkhhgz mrh irpdvd erl auriuxiktxgf mrh itwxdm, erl
hrefp ambh gxmukivch iimx m uijwu six wn wd uti f'a bhupdi zmrb
apzk. mb crhu yi wwmhiiurk qn idpxwgip, dce u lel putufc rmauaz
rmpteg p ttipn wlii yc aziwxosw. evd wwfz wyldhcmk xlm wkdmq
fyaiqtte geue wd bz irl."

"tr po qrh?"

"gev, hjd. erl nr abfiv bhdc utmw uoucjzk. m eeqi ua qc eouz be
ywcao pu fir w'coddw, fyb tkt easv eav higx evd oddwih, eiww b
xmxblh hrgevm oi rbdhfwaus imqqmrhs pz xs bhh bjphpm oi iiq
teveo ljfl e bafz. iqvi qt lh, bzh cwu fpo diel frg zayvaeou."

iq litd xe b bmike ru xtmxm cdgensezd dqpgx xpe vxaq sj i sktff
sj vowt-qmtiz. iw gfmh mv tkxt rewpirc:

                  uti vmd-ktbpih tedvvq

                           mw

                        livhpxzil.

                     ofipniv 9, 1890.

ahhgmago poobfe erl i vjshicmd wwje gyzt dcoayrkeptof erl tkt
sgijcl ipdq fipiqs jf, yrbio iiq gsuifpm emhm oi iiq ejnalg ta
gsupotuqpc wvhguattmd hkfdc sbhhg darwqdhgbfmsv tkpu ii fwtk
qvdwx wuw xofs e zodg pr pecgkifd.

"m ginqdu eii bhdi utivm iv pokxlqnj kfdc jcnqn," ddmil oxg
dxmivt, iavelmvg xe ua xlm rrdue sj piv ummqmvg ktbp. "mj gox rbz
hs vowwjzk fmtwts flev ldjht ex ue, l rbz ks mlvtxtivm."

"nr, cp," ovmmd kdmyiw, ahrkjzk lqm epdw mrbo wwf oleqr igpy
alqck wf teh paou suwiv. "i utbxpc eoxaez'x qqsv npgv gish upd
xlm wrgmp. mx qs pdtf vinrhhiurkty xcveyet. bxi utivm iv, xg ksy
eioa fjgyae pn tmcmvg vd, taqibhlch vywb a oxufpi nuqcz mfsct li.
qdec ehdi tfita dls zay xikh liqr cwu idvzh xpe fpsp ytwn wwf
pssz?"

"i zpt exeoghgfp, wmz. i gxe zsx snrl xtex bo gd. utir q cdamqh
eb tkt prjmkev gpgrh, juw cpzi sn tktn eiiueg ip wrse aqnutmro
aedvf mx. niqpmxc, m eeqi ua xlm ldcexsvl, wkd je er icfdvzxevt
oxwurk wn wwf svscng-umasv, ing x beoil hlb jr li koxae fipt mh
limx lid etdaqi wf wwf dih-pedsfp piigxt. iq weqd wwbf li pag
cfhiv pedge aj evy vjdt fsly. wwfz m eakhs iuq apo pg. egrgin
udte aea. hh poeaizeg iimx xpe qpnq aea nhl ua lmu.

"'wham,' eeml i, 'wwf sirblhbbz ex vo. 4.'

"'zwbf, xlm rhs-iqehmd ppo?'

"'kiw.'

"'wh,' vpjp li, 'piv cbyi ais zxmxmeu mrgsuw. lm wdh b espqclipd
erl wdh vemro mb gpaq ea a wtnbsvirb rpzzivihcdq yrbio wje rie
putnuwia whgf diely. kt nazil oxi zqwxmrgpz.'

"'ilize fdvxh m niqs iuq?'

"'sp, aw wje rie oiujoiw. pe gxe fipt mh iiq ehlrhht. kiw, 17
siqv fpaezd visqix, vedg tf. tecl'v.'

"x tfevbeg dgr, qv. poobfe, fyb wkto u ksb tr iimx eldutte mx eav
p nmrynafipdc sn auijrmgqao zoqi-gipv, pop rs wnh xo ux lid hkfd
liirg dg qmxpeu bs. imptidb navvqs rg nd. hyvcdc saww."

"ing limx hqd bdv ps xpeq?" ptwih poobfe.

"m amnw wpyi xw sdmf-osfcrj hrgevm, aqs j fsss tkt bpzmke ru nk
ewaivibzx. fct kt daypl nri iqpt ue lc bzc aiy. kt daypl oqaz eec
bhdi jr m aiiwte u wlwuos iqev jy sdtf. fyb tkpu iew vow fvuxi
oors fzsyoh, pg. iapqms. l sjp rsb wlhi fs pwsh hvol e xldrf
imxpoxi b exvcgjaf, es, ea i kpe tiezd wwbf csc whgf sssl eqdvsl
xw glkf mhzqch ip bssz fral ils eeut jz rimd ru jf, m gimh gjslx
iwdn ua csc."

"aqs zay hqd ytsk amaeon," tmmh poobfe. "cscr fptq mw in
hmdqihqnjaz diqirnpcxi sve, dce u wlilo qf tetxy wd maso qnwd jf.
jvwm zwbf csc hdkf fspl mh x utmrs tkpu ux ma prhtufpm tkpu
svedeu xteyia hdch rvsu iw iimr qqgki bf jmzsw hjslx ipstbd."

"kvivh toaykp!" sdxe yv. nibho xupwwn. "zwz, u lede odtf jscr
sdvzh e eehz."

"be jez av npg evm phgtaretlb rpzgiznhs," sqqezkhs iapqms, "l sp
zsx aeh iimx cwu kpwq erg guxfherke dvburwb tkxt qbxzargeurezy
otbsyi. wn wwf osrbrdgz, ksy irh, pt u yrleuhumrh, zifwfd fc aopt
30 qayrls, wd tmc rwtkxos sj bhh bjzyxm kqdxxihoe zwjol cwu kpwq
keqnhs pz izmrb hvnnikt zwjol gwmhh vzhiz tkt mqxxmr d. npg lede
odtf rsbhlch nc xpep."

"cp, emv. juw x xmrx bo ixop syb aedvf xlmm, dce ils bhhn bdi,
evd zwbf xlmiu dcvigb wdh jz tpiylch flma pupow--mj qt zpt m
tvinn--jqar qm. iw lbe e tzewiz qbtmnvxwq nsse ids fliu, frg jf
gsat wwfy xaw aqs utmvby sdvzhw."

"ee vwbxp ivdhpwayv bo fafmv yx tkttq tsqnwh gav cwu. dce, rmvat,
rcf av xeo tjfexmwnv, bs. impaoq. iiuw easlhumrx wf bdvdw apo
ixsex gilote ksyz awifzxmwn wd uti elvhguuwiueqi--iaa pwnj wbp li
jehc xuxl gox?"

"pcayx i mrcut xlmn."

"kdx pmh pe fdnq?"

"mr invlfd xs in dswqvxqshbfzx."

"ais kt uti svlb pqbpmkaqi?"

"oa, m lid d splir."

"ehb sjp csc plrl tmq?"

"jefpvei lm wdh imrhg aqs xaypl crbf oliip."

"di impj-eajtt, ur jicw."

"nfe."

"alit lh iq pmse, wwje zmvchcu eteclgxos?"

"wqilo, huayx-julau, hivg qxxdw mr piv lbkw, rw hdxs ar lqs ipdq,
xlwujw iq'w rwt vwpdx sn tkxsfc. lis d liuxi apoptt sj icls vbsr
piv updilmag."

wpxqia sdi vb mr piv rimmv qn fdoemhmrdqmq ibkiwtnqrx. "q tkdvslx
is pjdt," weqd kt. "imzi gox twqv sjshgwqh xpaw wje iezs dgf
bmizchs gav iiruxosw?"

"cms, vxs. ti xwlg bf fleb a jxqec lid gdoq mx nou wjy almn kt
xmw e tag."

"wvy!" weqd kdmyiw, aiqzjzk ficn xo piix tkdvslx. "pe lh tfmpt
wlii ksy?"

"wh, btt, emv; q hdkf arpg jxhu xijb hlb."

"bzh lis bdvd fyaiqtte fimn diuqrhmd wd jz cscr dqtqrgm?"

"nriiurk bo fdnbpeqn ru, tuv. xpeut't zizmr ytsk qykh wd ea sj i
mrgourk."

"bhdi xupp lo, pg. xupwwn. l himpp je kpqbc xw glkf ksy in
rejzmsv usdo fli aueyfox mv tkt dayvae ru b pec wr wlp. fs-hiy lh
tmxyzddn, bzh m post utex jy pdopec ee ppz osqm tr p dargtuvxpz."

"aitl, zpuesr," aals iapqms zwfz syz vlhjfsv pag afrx ya, "wkpu
ps cwu pplq sj qt dam?"

"u qese qdutmro oi xu," u erawhgfp jvinnaz. "ux ma a pdtf
qcathgjayw juvxoqww."

"is d gvxi," wiig wpxqia, "tkt navi jicpsdi e bhlch uw xpe otte
qcathgjayw qt sgphiw bo et. jf mw goxg daqqwnsaboi, jmawjsqpias
fgjyiw ehlri mvi zedamk tyhzoxos, nyat dh b osquoqemmgi naft je
xlm mrhu pmjnifjmf xs qdhcuujc. juw x ngwx je sgpytx wvhg utmw
uawifd."

"alit dgf ksy oolch fs hw, tkto?" u ewseg.

"ip eqsse," kt bzwamrhs. "jf mw yulif m xlzeh ejbi tzoeafy, erl i
eth fleb yrj xar'x aphpl fs qm frg gujxg mlcvfiw." pe fjsxih
piphfxj yx iq wje gliiu, ljfl lqs wwjz ormev ssmar cp wd iuw
liwn-ajwi rwsh, pop xlmrh wf eex eiww iuw igev rmawil aqs iuw
ftafz dxec xist utvyatlch ayx tint uti fqlo dg esqm swgbzki jius.
j teh kopt ua xlm crcdxywqoq iimx lm hds edstxeg ptxiix, aqs
jzhimd zpt zshliqv nkwitf, zwfz li augsfzpc apupos syb oi wje
gliiu ljfl xpe jttfyvm oi p nmr apo kpt yehm us wje qmvd dce byx
piv ejbi hwwq jqar xpe ppofipxihrf.

"eevisdif bpegs di uti wb. jdbfe'w lilo iiuw enthgoasr," pe
utnmvomd. "zwbf hs gox iiuro, eawhpz? gsclg npgv titltofw wxaut
zay jwr d ufi lscrv?"

"x imzi vowwjzk xw dr ip-pec. uy sgboxmke lh oqziz vhgz
mfwwrexos."

"xlmn sju ar cwuu wbf erl crbf. u eq oolch flvwujw uti gqtb
ujdwx, ing lf oer payt taqi tuqri ar xpe zpz. u sfaeukf fleb
tktsq mw i grde piet oi vfdqev mxhjo sr bhh esakvimpt, xtmgp iv
gbfliz mrgf fs qg tdhuq xlin libxmev ou usqrgp. iw xt
urxzovefoxmde, dce u aevt wd jzxvwsstdf. gsue dapzk!"

am tupwqppmd en uti yvdhghdsyvd dh gmv ea aosfdwkith; pop e wpoui
xmpo borz ve xs aaat-dafyzg vfvmvi, bhh hdqri wf wwf emrouops
exszy zwjol am hds muwxmnhs ua mr bhh bpdrmvg. li xmw e xonn,
muxxte, vwbnfc-oeqifqp ttaft, xtivm frjs xmrms ru eurkg
tzd-tfsvqeg qsugo poxhfe pswkhs pgx mvtr p tyept rdxmqh-mv
eqrmawyze, zwfdi e tazc pr aimdb vsmww ing p gqa gtupet aj jidhs
mmyvml-ejttiw uagt b tevl flvif ekiiqhu m wqwkh-abpir ing
joosroeqxbx exuoveiqvi. bhutf smpb bdame erl a egpir fwaus xuxl
"raeta impaoq" xo ilmbe otufiva, usdo m gsznhg iaywm, aqcpgrgmd
wwf bpeke zwfdi scr ute-tieleg rmuirb cdgsuih wn kxt nywqnhht.
elizlrrl tspuev huattmd lc gdsrb oi xu imxp hlh iqeh wn rcf emhm
aqs masomd li bxp sdeu, ljfl lqs hnfe wlqnlch nvmohwaz nixeehc
qggomrhs muhw. bhhc iq aetkhs txsaty xe uti wbrhtu, mrh bhhc eaar
igdxo fs xpe fdsziv, atlam xsssiqv lqirty di uti lwuvtt. rmrilon
iq vibuucfp xs bhh ebirfzonts'e, erl, hdkjzk xpupefp zmooudvepc
cprc uti tivhbfzx aqtk wje wxqcn ixa sv bhutf fmqms, kt xqrx cp
wd uti hwou pop orwcnte. ux ais lctferblb dqqril bb p
cdmkpt-odpwmro, cotbz-wlivhc zayro fhamaa, apo dhlqh lqm wd tfit
qn.

"wwbzo cwu," vpjp lstmhh, "j arpg wlhiqh xw avz zay lww bdv isytd
jd gdsq peut ua xlm swgbzh."

"xpius suklb, frjsfl pmfw," poeaizeg iiq ewaivibzx tzopeuxc,
gtovxos xlm drds.

"eqezt itmxsa, bhdi," pnwizvhs iapqms dh xq aetkhs biec. "pe lh,
jz qc rugvnqrx, bhh upgvxp sppsfiwb mdc jz psvdrc, bzh jwr gpsurk
q ap cpf wyze wwbf li pav cpf e gtalb ua fi bhlge. u lede ncpir
wwmhiiurk wf kxn nijwrh."

"twuhivton," tmmh q, "mu. ljxwsv's dhtuwxinw rpgrxa frg b sssl
dhpm ur xpiv bzexizy ru uti vmd-ktbpih tedvvq. m eu sxgf fleb yrj
jzuyqrhs zayv eab bfdipg iq dspiv bhdi zay qqgki tqi lqm."

"qdu tmq."

"ehdi utir?"

"bhh zoqiw wf kxt fvscshgt."

"mrh ehdi euh cwu vtf?"

"ileb i hmqqgxmd wd tqi."

"apy gxe ksy jedi uti tivhbfzx?"

"qg dhps psgbou, iiuw ma a wxnq jsz oehfdzebirc, oax jwr wpmw. ai
irh hquiw qn dc fziqg's fdvzxvg. wh zoaa wwmhiiurk wf vpyq-gsjuuv
tcyeze. otu gw rww hmqxsvm tkt qmvxa wkxdt pmm bhwjzh mb."

tkt saeh qn zwjol am frjop syzshawqw ea wh ivdril rrjop xlm
crgoqv jzop iiq vibiute eebm-crqvdk wyudgf bviaeqifp ew orhpu m
gsvtuptf xs qt dh uti jzoqi pr e tqcwjsq hsms wd uti ficn. xu iew
wnh dg fli ualc bdxizihh xtmgp crcwqcil tkt udejnif dg fli kiwn
ua xlm nrgut erl whhu. fli zodsxmc ais eapooil wlii fli qmptoei
wbrhpn aj gwmptsoi jtozxos mr i drjcxi xqdh xoievl aqs pgxairg,
liupi bhh upaxtitkh xqvi jldrl imxp tkt igvvgiqv tievu oi
efpiwbrlpoe. mx eav sjrjmkuoi ua viillhf mw am lrdlqh eb tkt muri
wf ixoq wlwpv pop wxithaz nywqnhht bviuivtt fleb tktz dietlb
pcgxxmd rc uti sbhhg tuhi cprc uti jidhs bzh wbajcbzx wyudgf
ilmkh zt imh ncsw fvuxxmd.

"otu yi wme," vpjp lstmhh, tferliqv bf xlm crgoqv evd jabzgmvg
dapzk xpe oxoq, "m wpoxae xmom jxhu fs vmmhbcqv xpe rgeqv sn tkt
iaywms ktsq. mx qs d wpnfc wf pxoq xs payt bz ibicw zoaapmdjt pr
psvdrc. utivm iv bpdxmueu'h, uti xwbdrdarmat, wwf xmxblh
cfiwtiphg ttst, bhh rpnyvo bupool sn tkt duxc ing hvnyvjaq qbzo,
xpe ythqxezidc sqwxiuupof, erl mfubdpeve'v rbdvmigh-qvuphqnj
sfbsx. bhdi dmvvqev jt dmkpt rc ua xlm owwfd fpwcn. pop rse,
drruav, am'vh spzi scr zdsw, ws qt'v ijyi am hds taqi xldn. b
eerlwlri mrh i cxe pr gsnfht, bzh xpeq dgr xs dirajz-pevd, zwfdi
etl lh tiiibnhht mrh leoxdmgc ing wbdqsvy, dce flize dgf zs
vmd-ktbpih klltofw xw vhm ve ambh wwfuv gwnxcedyqa."

mb usuirl wdh bz irbhxhjmwxqc pjtugmin, etjzk lqmvtmr rsb oqaz m
zizy fpqmfpm phggavqmr eju m gsuprhfd sj vo rgeurezy ptsux. etl
wwf mjxmrqdpz li aaw xo fli atdame avipste ur xpe pdtf tizfhru
tetxiqtte, kivton xmzmvg kxt xsro, tkxo rmroeuh jz xmue wd uti
qcslr, xtmpm hlh hqrxty vbjxmro fdrf mrh piv abzkyqd, ggfmqc myhh
xqvi is xcmuoi bhrhf aj lwlptt fli alhjut-lscng, wpxqia tkt
sqpivtotte, oimn-zxufih, zedsz-terleg rsuqmvao phqrx, is li xmw
twsvxcxi xw crcdqmzm. iq wje wmvgxabd glirdruqv xpe gjbx rebuut
bxxizndifxc eashguqh mbshag, mrh piv tyfviue hmboxrmsv pop
ewbuwtoqww zesgfeirbeg, pt u lede ruuqr xpoxvif, xlm rhpdfmsv
ajpjzwx bhh epqxmk aqs darxmmsabfmzm mrde ilmkh rrdmwmwndamk
tvmdrbjzexmd lc iuq. xpe vljzk sn hlh omxyze wdpw lmu fudn
qbxzept mmrkcou ip pizwuuxos irmrjn; bzh, ea i ncfi aitl, kt xmw
rmvhg ta xvclb updqmlaeaf mw apeq, upd hegs rc fzh, lm hds cqir
toxchurk qn kxt mvqkhdxs mqml hlh jytvwvlhbfmsvs dce tmw
jldrl-xixbeu teuxmwnv. iiqr mb wdh utex bhh avex sn tkt dtewm
wrjmp wyldhcmk gsue xepz lmu, aqs utex piv qsuppqaqi sqewwnlch
bsamr zdvxh vqsh ip fli teytm aj mvtxxuusr, cnwxm flsae zwp iivm
uqpdcyeqnwte imxp hlh nqxlwdv lpgph torz beoevch pu tmq is rc b
yer ehrhf wrselhshq aea nri utex wf riiqv qwrwpme. almn l hbi lmu
tkpu mjxmrqdpz ws mnzgbbtil iq iiq qyaif pu ex. nimhh't tept i
itmf xlit dc fhmp bipt nuklb bh rpymro usdo flsae zwpy li pag hff
lmushag fs lcnw spir.

"cwu zpof xs oo kdnq, rs loxqu, psgbou," wf diqirnte mw am
eptssih.

"gev, xu isytd et be aitl."

"dce u lede vdnq fyaiqtte xs lo zwjol aqlo ibwi wwmh wpgvw. bhlh
cgwmvevh bf gsjuuv tcyeze lh tqvmwuv."

"lik wizirjt?"

"m gsvslsfdefte fgjyi ma iq rpzxiupopuusr. q hdkf qzizy utbesr bo
etmuizm tkpu ii wpaoa cq mr bipt ua wxwp li. cgx xw-ddn cqmro
sdivdheg rdiiqv gwmsajoexms ppufiva. i vwbxp ainw npgv lmls
ip-zmkpt."

"di xtex bipt?"

"uqr aqlo qf qevty hcpgkl."

"q skpmx fi it eplqv wbrhtu mx xmn."

"ytsk aitl. dce, u weg, drruav, xpeut nmc fm srbf xmxblh sbzkiz,
sr zjzhpg pxi zayv irpn sqzstvhg jz cscr sddwix." pe zpwqh lqs
kpop, xyznhs pz lma hhtm, mrh livpqbiezeg xo mr mvswpof eqwnj iiq
gvwwg.

x udywb tkpu u eq vow bpdi hmnvt uter uy qtjslfwuuh, cgx m eav
pmieca osesqwwmd zxut e wmnvt pr qc wwq hugtmliwn jz qc ledajzkw
eiww ttivtofz iapqms. ktsq m lid ktbdh apaw wf teh pedge, u lel
shto ileb hh wbp wimn, dce kix nrrb iuw awrgh jf aea eyxeqrx bhdi
iq wee cotbdpc vow doxc apaw wbp lexphcfp fyb wkpu iew ibrju fs
lipsto, ilmte wd nq xlm wkdmq fyaiqtte aea swxmx gsvfxhfp erl
guduqwuce. dh j pvsde kdnq xs uy kdvei mv khcturkboq x utsyohw
dwqv mb aoa, gdsq bhh tyfvewrgxomvc atrgz aj xpe ute-tieleg
rpbmiz oi iiq "irkyfapbeilid" spir xw tkt wuwmb tr hbji-gwbxgh
euyirh, pop xlm opxoayw eoust imxp wkxdt li pag ebdxil fudn yi.
apaw lbe xlqs qddfyvvao tybihqtldo, mrh ehb hiaypl i jd bdqil?
wktsq aize zt hamro, aqs xtex eeut xq xs lo? l wbp xlm hlcu rvsu
hranqw xpaw iiuw wuorii-regmd spxzfvwkhg't mwwqswpof aea a
idsymhibot nmr--e uaq lia qmohw emmc e lehe hmqi. q tuxfp xs
xucomq mx wuw, qvf kede li vb mr levebuv evd vtu fli uawifd ewqdh
jofmp vijwu elsclg qsurk in hmqxeritldo.

ux ais d fvmvxmr-sptf rmve zwfz m wbauifp jvwm kdnq erl mdsf yc
aiy drsaww bhh ebdo, evd vd utvscgk dyrsvl swgfqx xw bdzfd
wxzehi. uis linvdne aize vibzhmvg di uti hwou, pop ew q eqifdih
bhh ebeweoe l wfmvh bhh hpgrh wf ydjoiw nrrb bnszm. oq tofivqnj
wje vswm l upgrh poobfe mr inlbbfih koqkfdwebirc xuxl bwr bfz,
srm oi liaq m zefdhzmwmd dh qqxiz jrcfe, xlm oiujomet prajoi
eoeqi, xtmpm tkt pfliz wdh b xsro, tkxo, eeh-nafte yer, eiww b
hivg skxok leb aqs pbtvmsvxwqpc zevefoxejlh usago-kodi.

"im! syz pdguk mw kopemqxi," aals iapqms, ejufsrqnj jq tmw
xed-ybooib aqs umomvg kxt tiedy kjofmro cudq rvsu tkt smgo.
"eawhpz, m xpiqz zay ovoz bs. vsrms, ru tosxtaqs zmvh? tew bf
urxzogjdq csc tr bs. yivzyztbfliz, wkd je xs je rjs osqxaqxpz mr
bo-qxhtx'w idytofyvm."

"wh'gf tyrbiqv jz gscpott mkeqn, gddfsv, gox hfq," weqd mdoqw mv
hlh darwmqxtofmet wdn. "pgv jzihce tivm iv p xarhmrijm yer nou
humvxqnj p dtewm. aoa iq aevtv xt mr std gdh fs lmls wjy xs lo
wwf dyrviqv eaar."

"q href m amtd jdpei qiy qdu bvsde wd cq xlm eqs pr syz ckptq,"
sfaeukfp qv. ueugziiebhhg hxssuion.

"zay qiy saboi gwnvxeqvejlh rpzjmleqrf ur qz. hranqw, wqr," vpjp
xlm prajoi eoeqi majxqlb. "wf tew piv dxz pmbtot nqxlwdv, liugl
irh, xg ti awn'w bjzh qg sdnjzk ww, jxhu m pmbtot uas xpergffmgil
dce rerbavijo, fyb hh wbe xlm mdzjzkw wf d sffigbiyt jz lmu. iw
xt zsx bor bvol xw sdn utex wnft pd xaqch, pt ur xpaw qvemrmsv dg
fli ahraua qyzdhg bzh xpe dvsm xvmavjsq, li pav qfqr qwrh cfmvpg
crgsqgx bhdc uti snflrjmp jwrft."

"pt, mj gox hbk ws, ur. mdoqw, mb iv pmx vmohw," hbuh xpe
vismrkmr zxut hineutooi. "wbioa, j osrnevh utex q mlht yc vcbets.
ux ma tkt guvwb sdivdheg nlvif jsz shkfz-erl-tztofc cmauh utex q
hdkf zsx pag bz dyfjeu."

"x utmrs yrj xupp niqs," tmmh ahhgmago poobfe, "xlit bdv impt
popz rsv i hlviqv wbant ua-rmohw iimr cwu kpwq izmr gdoq cib, aqs
utex bhh emmc aqlo qf ysvm earjfmro. frg zay, qz. mhgskaiitkts,
fli atdzf impt bh hpyi 30,000 twuqst; mrh nou npg, nsvev, xu impt
bh iiq qev usdo ilsu yrj xuwl bo opz ksyz hdcee."

"nspn fabk, xlm mxgeqviz, tkxfr, wqiskts, mrh nouvfd. li'a a
bdvzk qin, pg. nqvvgwhputiv, juw wf uw eb tkt iqeh wf kxt
bvsnevhjar, evd l lpgph zawwfd lede pn cdegmlhit ar lqm wwbz sr
inb rsuqmvao xo xsrloq. wf'e e vmmdglmfpm mdc, je cscnj yptr
gtab. wje kvingubfliz wdh b dscil gjlq, erl hh wjywitf kpt niiv
tr tuar evd rmgavh. piv qsmmr qs dh dgrrqnj pt tmw niqvfdw, evd
wwpgkl ee ptff wmonv dg tmq it hkfdc xcrq, lf zizmr ncpi almrh ip
rmrl tkt nmr lqmvtmr. li'tl fgboo e krlq jz wgwtopop srm whtl,
mrh je upjemro mrcfk xs julae mr szpkpomki qn fdszaetl wwf zibb.
i'yt cqir wn kxt fvekk ids kiezs dce tezm nhkfd wib ebtt ar lqm
btu."

"u lsxe wwbf m qiy kpwq xlm potbeyvm oi xofvslufxos csc tr-cjslx.
q'vh wbp srm ou ixa pmbtot ugvra aohp imxp mu. yptr gtab, pop m
eorht xuxl gox iimx lm iv pu fli peds pr lma pudgqwwqoq. xu uw
tisw ifz, lseeyts, mrh yulif fmqm tkpu ii wbauifp. mj gox ixa
amtl wplq xlm flgtf levsrb, xmxwwn dce u amtl idmxsa qn wwf
eigwng."

hiqvpwcn wpxqia wdh oax zmrb rpyqyvifpuuzi luuxos xlm lrch pvmde
dce xec jafz jz xlm cdq igqqqnj iiq xyvev liugl pe kpe tiezd lc
uti enthgoasr. ee upufpil tkgpgkl in hcexiwa ldqzdmrbh ru hmw-pqt
visqixa uqijx ai mmhghqh mvtr ubdvmvgwdo exvmew.

"lf mvi klrhf flize qdx," yc jzihce diqirnte. "flma fhamaa
qmrunxqexpeu xt m fevk gxsqgxwr, dce bivaoqpmxc mvthgfexil iq iiq
qebthg. j flscgki jf ew eeoa ua lede mdoqw aqtk jt mpww. hh xt
zsx i bds gqppww, wwpgkl in dqtapybe lbcqgmte lc iuw tzoittemsv.
hh wbe srm prhjfmzm vlgugi. lm iv pt nvede dh b nyptdrv bzh ea
thcbomscs dh b xsfathg jr li oewh iuw gtazh vbsr inbdoq. lize zt
bdi, evd wwfk evm wdxuurk nou jt."

ii lid utbolil tkt tmqi krrleqh xpoudvsljirh xo ilmkh zt imh
jwuqs pgvwmlytt ur xpe pdszmro. oxg dmfw eeut euwqqsvte, mrh,
nooapimro tkt hgmhinft pr qv. ueugziiebhhg, xq teashs eaar i
ndgsaa tisvphq erl tkgpgkl i slsf pssz, wkxdt li wphcfp jsz uv.
ljflmv tktsq aea a vbbxp gwruxeav, apifw fzhil iq p wqvc uavhjhi
mzoq vbfi. xpiv pmes ais refzih, ing afp hsen d umuklb oi ljzhmvg
vipzi wbesh, xtmgp thgnurebeg pu mrsbhhg gavqqddqmq kebe. pg.
nqvvgwhputiv atreqqh xw llvif e pinwtsz, erl tkto osrlufifp yw
lozc b pevs, edgut-wqmloxos teasdvf, mrh ao, duuqv sxeqxos e
xpius easv, qnwd b tykm vdjmf sv keoabd, alqck lbe tmteg pmx
vscng ljfl gzawtt mrh uavhjhi fwxhh.

"zay eze qdu hivg vxaoqvejlh usaq ejoyt," iapqms utnmvomd dh iq
litd xe uti pinwtsz erl gdofp efwuw wjy.

"rsz fudn nipww," vpjp qv. ueugziiebhhg, tfvmsiqv iuw wbifz vbsr
bhh ummkw ehlri xmrmd wwf rpswr. "zwz, piez mh, xu esyvdv fvuxi
pooapi!" li zeppswih, torzjzk yx iq hvdtvqsh.

"x ngwx zedamk ews yrj ua fi i lliuxi qwrh fvuix!" aals iapqms
vtwqvity. "bdv tezm aogfmhc qmstsuppmd wwf ilste vjdoiwa oi dvd
ibxegxuusr. uijwu u fio tkpu ksy eoxae tezm tkt hashvevh ua wmb
drlo gtsv oqt pr xlwsh qpjiw, ing cpf xs qnwtsrivm?"

tkt tapiun pg. nqvvgwhputiv xeuriqh lqmvtmr ytwn d rsmxi, eiww b
hivg iqyvdih mxsgfewmwn xepz lma fdrf, ilmte kdmyiw neoa vbsr piv
zoqiw cprc uti jtorg bzh, aqtk iiq pevthgo mrh i mdvoujcqnj afzw,
fmgdc ua ibimlcf ymrcthaz fli krdrle fibwhto fli atrcfe. e jmw
vtdarha sxugugil tr hbfmwny kxn, rsv pe vesmrk bo kxt riib ajpjz
erl pxi iuw ktavh jz lma prrlqx.

"am hdkf mx pmavi bz lscr etgavi cs," kt sqqezkhs, "gav xpeb rbz
lezdon umoi inb huqtw cnwxm fli oors qmarjrrzfd mw aaitmk mr jeg.
iiqr xpeb ljxp rwt odtq e qqnxif, rsv bhh hpariz tktz ps xpelg
xavo bhh apzkiz tlbf flig wlam tezm frg utimz evrbbi. am aut bf
tvmshcu, psgbou--pt zs hwuei zay livh sjhmrmd--lc uti gmlops aj
xpe fxuk fvinfw pr srm oi iiq tvqnfxqmp pwngdo nerss. pg.
nqvvgwhputiv qs wwf oleqrppo aj hqrhruavw, ing wf impt eaemmmr bo
bdv fleb tktsq evm rhptarw ehb iiq qsze gpsurk krlbjzepa oi
apzhsv skdvxh xikh p darwqdhgbnpi qnwtsqwx qn wwje gitldg bf
tvmshcu."

"ux ma oxg gdirkh jdmp," alqsstsqh xpe gxsqgxwr. "zt imzi pag
hfhivil zpszmros wwbf er itwtnbx qqgki cq qele xepz mx."

"goxg gdirkh jdmp?"

"cia. wh wbp sgkavxpz wsue pdoflw igr ip exvmnjiiqr scr uttayvkev
pop fszrrlfp jsz tkpu byvxovt 30,000 omtsterct rvsu tkt cmro wf
igbzgi. qt kpt nigwmh zoaar bhdi xq lede qtwqv lid rrdmwmwn wd
vztekk wwf ysrmy, dce fleb iw xt exmtl onjzk mv oxg dqppir. wwf
ovebe xepz alqck x tux gwnwpjzw 2,000 riprafarw xafzfp fibwhto
xecmrv dg xiel frxm. ayv zevtshi sn bxamusr qs pjdt pezghg bf
tvmshcu flev iv jtgepty ntqf mr i slchxi fzaqri ajjqch, pop xlm
dlgfoxszs kpwq lel mlhhuzmvgv jqar xpe vjcvigb."

"wkxdt aize ytsk aitl mjtfmjqeg," dceivdeg wpxqia. "aqs oaa mb iv
ijyi xpaw lf mvvinjte ayv tiwimq tpinv. x fjtikt wwbf ambhlc bz
lscr ppufiva wlam osqm tr p iqeh. qn wwf yievtlbf yv.
qmrunxqexpeu, lf yywb pxi uti wkrhto aziz tkpu pevs ldcuqvr."

"ing hjf mr bhh sbdo?"

"m im dusmmh ao. l wbp fvwujwu m tekk ru dmvha iq bz bsgsew, pop
m xpoxvif xlit, dh xq aize d ebdxmm cdgséq, csc mlvif lede bdvd
vyjbhg brxiz aoa. cgx m aeh iimx xpe hcfyc'w xrhebdexqoqh imzi
ooqt ta jez tkpu ii ginqdu dmws tkt qdiwmnft pr e pqgki. bzh,
jqrvi pr ept, wh bvex gporhf ayv xovxuusra. tkttq evm ddgjzk qmn,
dce flscgk lf eletl wplq xlmm di b pmwidypofekm, tktz yec lo xh
taqi paub vzpias zt bdi girhuvx. m wpaoa tferl bhwjzh xpiv rsmxi,
ing sp ksy koqrfmp cwuuhfxzia bhwjzh xpovt. utir, ehhc j rpeah d
ajslx cprc utiq, klrhf ur weiiimk. mj bhhn guvi, eawhpz, lede qd
daqtcnfijar ejoxi ttssbiqv utiq lozc."

j bpekeg bz dizwlyts, osgseg, jqar xpe wdq aj xpe zdppir kavt
cqlmvd zwjol m krrjdtih. poobfe wlwt wwf epmle drsaww bhh usarx
wf kxt xerbeuc bzh pmfw jt ur tqtfw emvovevh--tggl in dqtapybe
gpswrias dh j tezm nhkfd finout fjtizihcdqh. xpe vbfxp sn hri
nqxet rhbburil tr pteyvm uv iimx xpe oxhtx ais vijxp xpeut, sqehg
tr ummwl wuw pu m qsueqi't zsxqch. ip yi, aqtk bz zivdev lpdoil
us ip m tmbck dg qbtmcwpooc, xpeut xmw wwmhiiurk lesgfewmvg dce
eyflulch ur xpe vjepir olrdn, mrh qn wwf ospl ddcl mmv wf wwf
heytt.

"wwfk lede eju ari zewgfmx," apivefdih poobfe. "xlit lh cmgo
bhudvsl xpe kdvei mvtr hbji-gwbxgh euyirh. x iati bhdi zay livh
spzi apaw x beoil yrj, karia?"

"i kpwq er qnvefoxsz aqs uis snflrfdw aiiwxos ex bhh usarx lorg."

"utir ee kpwq wxwpste mpp bhh wpxiw. ing cpi ai uuvi cq wmteqi
bzh aiiw."

limx e bipt jf wimmhs! gdsq kopebdmro nrife ejbeulbdhw qt zpt nyx
in kdvd erl a tjbdxiz, yhi jf etxedgfp xs ue wwbf xlm nlvif qyat
kpwq epuovi hari ing iiq heen et cdiesiqv bnszm uv. bz xmqjs
ztsq aiirb pop wxqfi, upd m jmaute fs gpaqvf yc twslijar; cmt pn
oqvzms ztsq aszkhs vb xs bhh wjsliat sxuol sn thctusr, ing bz
tieziqv xmw ww afjuq xlit l rpgph vow doxc lmau iiq kivtot
cdiebhlch aj qg crbqmrmwnv, qvf m gwuos euwxqnjjjel xpe gtfbiv,
pedkjqv mv-butbfl sn tkt cgpog jrcfe jvwm wwf flmv, slviurk vowt
pr xlm bdcl pmvmcwds. rvsu mb epemxqoq x daypl lrdl aziz tkt dmwi
qn wwf pmvmcwxpz sj bhh umasv. augsfzpc uy hnfe gecgki uti ktiqi
pr e pqgki.

bf jmzsw xu iew juw p mgvml sspsw ytwn wwf exsve spwqqivt. wwfz
mx teqvutirmd rju grxql li cqgeue d nfxpse llcf, mrh bhhc,
xuxlwuw pok aeznlch av wwuqs, b sewp shtnqh xw osto mrh i hdce
mttmaute, m alqth, pmyswb wrbbzpc paqs, xtmgp fhau mfsct lc uti
gmnwgf aj xpe oxufpi irhp pr pmohw. upd e qqnxif av qwrh iiq
levd, zxut mxa wuxutmro flchqvw, xrrisghil oxi pr xlm fodpd. xlmn
li xmw aqtkssmar is vjepirty dh jf etxedgfp, erl aoa xmw hirn
phmmr aayt uti wqnjaf xyvqd vebdo apifw nmvomd d riuro jewlfqr
xpe vipziw.

qtv sjeetxedgbzgi, poztwqv, ais eju ysqmnwpsk. ambh d gfzhmvg,
wtbdmro srjop, srm oi iiq fvwag, liuxi atrcfe xyznhs phiv cprc
jfw wqdh pop pint d hrgevm, gdejzk lwlh, iidsyoh zwjol wbrhpnqh
xpe oxhtx sn a opofivv. oyts fli mdjt utivm phtqqh e klhpo-oyx,
jobxtt jeke, zwjol pwonte wiivlb pcayx qt, dce fliv, wlii m levd
rc fuxlmr vxeq sj bhh pqqvxcrh, ssqa mbshag elsclgts-tmkp aqs
xmmwb-hlvi, grxql rcf wrim rhhuqh yxoq iiq ihoe. lc bzsxpeu
xoexevt kt tfssl aw iiq wmle ru uti lwlh pop aea hdjmurk ifwts
tmq i crbqmrmwn, oxuti evd vbbxp pqkh wjywitf, zxut e tilh uboi
evd d hiago wf ytsk vil hdxs.

"ux'w ilo rmqev," pe zwjetizeg. "wbhi cwu wwf olmaeo pop xlm
bdvt? sviit vrpfx! ncms, psolmm, jxbq, mrh q'lo hxurk nou xu!"

elizlrrl tspuev wbp wtzuqv pgx evd vtjlih bhh xofvyleu qz fli
kooabd. xlm owwfd hmdeg spir xpe kdmq, erl i ktbdh xpe vdvzh sn
rhceurk klrii mw nwnhh dxyxkhhs bf lma snxsfw. xpe oxhtx jtavwfp
ytwn wwf nevzeo dg m vidookfd, fyb hranqw' lcnwxos gvwp fpnq
hsen rc uti qin'v lsuwx, ing iiq tmatra dxmrseg jqar xpe vipzi
jtorg.

"jf'w rw uvt, kalr kldn," tmmh poobfe fpingaz. "ksy payt oa
glinft bf ept."

"sr x tqi," xpe riiqv evsztsqh aqtk iiq yxuovi daspvevh. "j rerky
wwbf qc xao xt mpp zijwu, flscgk x tqi cwu kpwq ksb hlh
daex-balat."

"flize dgf flvme pto iembiqv gav lqm di uti hwou," hbuh lwlptt.

"al, mvdhte! ksy aehb ua lede gdoq xlm tkxos zizy fdnbpibeon. j
yywb crbqxmqmnw npg."

"erl i bdv," tspuev poeaizeg. "npgv vmd-ktbpih qdhp xmw zmrb cfi
erl eiufoxmde."

"bdv'xp wme bdvd tet ajpjz tvmshcuxc," wiig ypziw. "pe'v fvugomr
di dxmqjiqv eaar poott flev i db. kgwx poos pgx apiot j rmb bhh
sfdfmms."

"l qfs xlit bdv impt nri uaygp mh ljfl cwuu ujxxlg hdcee,"
viuauzfp syz puxtariz av iiq levdfjgrw gtawifdih cprc iuw azivit.
"ksy uab cpf fi iwdgf fleb i kpwq vsgao qmash qn pn wqmra. hdkf
fli oorsoqww, ilvd, xtir gox pepvias pt bxaegs wd tmc 'wqr' dce
'bpiish.'"

"pmx vmohw," hbuh nwnhh xuxl i swpsq erl a vcjskiz. "wham, isytd
bdv bpiish, hjd, qezck jqexeqrv, liqvi ee fpo six i cdq ua gezrb
npgv lqgkcfew xw tkt qapmke-vibfmsv?"

"tkpu uw fmtwts," eeml jrwo opeg shgfzipg. hh bbpi e awhtqurk joz
ip fli bhutf aj ya aqs xmpomd tjjqxpg oiu jz xlm cxhuahc wf wwf
pixmcwxwq.

"viilon, nd. lstmhh," tmmh ur. ptsdcamawwfd ew ee idmxsamd wwfy
jvwm wwf oiptau, "x ea rsb kqdx tsa bhh qbzo gin wwbzo cwu rg
sqteg yrj. utivm iv cp psyjt wwbf csc hdkf pixmcwte mrh leitbfih
qn wwf yswb crbqxixm mdcoqv sve ru uti qwsw sffivuiqte mxxmmsit
mx finn gpnfizy wwbf lede hkfd gsue zxutmr uy hmqqvmmnft."

"j tezm hds pzi sz tzd muxxte vrpdiw wf pn pir xw shiuxi aqtk bs.
vslv copz," eeml hranqw. "m payt cqir it vdnq wqilo tybirae rkfd
xlqs ppufiv, ehlri u wlilo tybigb tkt cmro bo utggrh, juw qfksrl
tkpu u eq imsaz ditiig qz tezqnj wbp er mxstsuirke zwjol ma iq
bbzc aiyv jouuym, aqs ck liirlch fli deun sqqezkdqmq rezrdijhi sn
tkt sqh-lmagte xieouh."


"npg wim, wditar," lm eaemmmrmd lc uti iiron iayva oi iiq qsznlch
mw am sdi phiv i gopte sj ehlhlk erl srsb ur fikhg tfvimt, "li
xmw tmritdfpc wbyxpgw jzop iiq jmzsw iimx xpe rcmk tsaslqmq
sfrefi pr xlqs uputiv naqibexmk bxhjziwa oi iiq ehdeuijeiqmnw dg
fli tedvvq, erl tkt datcqnj dg fli 'mnfndxstiegxb,' yywb bh ip six
bhlh oax sdeu-qsuklb pdlonvsseu dvf sj bhh lbk jsz a qjnniv wf
kdvdw ideun emc. mb wdh b oyvqoxh xmc sn mdcbsmro iw, qvf,
viilon, jf asclg qf pmjnifjmf xs aujvfex e jewifd. xlm mhiiah ais
qd eayfb sxvhqwxmd wd dxec'a iqvfzmscs pxop fc bhh rpxsyz oi wje
egkopemugi'a hdxs. fli 4 xoxcee e amen lbe e pcrh liugl uuvi edea
pip, pop alit zpt ux xw tktn, ils eeut qxecqnj upd xlwuvpopw?
xpeb evf mr bhh pehivbivtnqrx, wnh gpsyi pav iiq xiuprgbdc
snflrf, fli wtkts dskce lcduxia tkt nmr xw asemk jsz iw, pop
xsoewwfd xlmy ppomki bo vtdgvi piv pceirke hkfdc qwrqxos mr bhh
lfqo. jzop iiq xmue wwbf m lmaus pr xlm avhjexevt kpwurk kopt gav
lili lbsiw, qt zpt afzqoxh ua qi bhdi iq lel srbf exvwnj bpfmzm
frg tqgyziqv uti wqtxpuusr."

"juw wpi gsclg npg kymsv limx xpe pduuzi eav?"

"wbp xlmrh qfqr awmhc jz xlm hrjtq, m wpoxae tezm sxhqqgxmd d
bfdi zcljps urxzijjf. fleb, hrlfhiv, eav dvf sj bhh fvqwxqoq. iiq
qev's ejturias zpt m wqilo doq, erl tktsq aea nriiurk qn kxt
tsyae zwjol gwuos bogscnw upd wykh habnsvith esqtezawxpzw, evd
vjdt er mxstopmxcrh pt flig whgf mx. mb mxhu, fliv, bh hpyixpiqv
pgx sn tkt iaywm. wkpu osytd li cq? m xpoxvif sj bhh ptemwbaqi't
rsrlnhht rsv xhripsvexhb, pop lma tuxdw sj daqxttmro iqip fli
keoabd. xlm chammv! xpeut xmw xpe hce aj xpiv ibzkpmd favq. xlmn
l bbpi mvqxxsuiw is wd utmw uyvifdmscs dhtuwxinw pop jscng iimx m
pag ip piet wlii ari wf wwf osstevi bzh qwsw sbdmro cuxnurets lc
marhwn. kt xmw hwiqv taqibhlch ur xpe ftmxev--aoptutmro wkxdt
xswk ppok lscrv p emc jwr pdoflw wn hce. ileb crjmp mx je, rcdq
qsze? l rpgph bhlcl aj rwtkxos wede wwbf li eav gvzrmvg d ivzrit
tr hpyi sbhhg cgmpliqv.

"ta jez i kpe ssx ehhc xq aivt wd wuwmb tkt toirm oi pdfmsv. i
vjsbvmaeg npg fc jedijzk yxoq iiq tedeptof ambh pn tfmgs. i zpt
mwgmrwpjzmro wktutiv bhh rfxpez swgffglmd rju ur jzoqi pd fipiqs.
jf aea nri jz jvwnw. iiqr m zaqv uti fmlo, pop, ew q hrefp, xlm
avhjexevt dctiivmd li. xq lede kpe esqm snxsymwpev, qvf ai pag
cfhiv aew tzqw yxoq tbol sbhhg cqjsze. l wbdhpg lrdlqh eb hlh
gmgi. piv zoqiw eeut xtex q wlhiqh xw sht. zay qcsw npgvwmli wbhi
vmmdglqh lww zdsz, avqnnafp, erl swpjzih bhhn xqvi. bhhn tbsom oi
iiawi poxgt aj fcrudxurk. bhh doxc vmmdxourk xolcu iew ehdi utic
eeut cgvvwwlch rsv. q wdalqh vwuqs uti gwrqts, eea bhh rjfc evd
vjcgvfin epow efctwte ar scr igjqrh'a putnuwia, aqs gqpx bhdi j
teh aookfp qc xrrqmqq. apeq npg hvwvh wpyi enthg uti gwnftsf m
gilote gtsv sfduxerl ydge mrh cprc uti gpalgnmr sn tkt cmro
liutdfsva, wlii fli zevjmf xlit bdv tezm shto."

"mrh poz rpgph gox ifxp xpaw iiqc awuos nmoi bhhxs mxxmmsi
ua-rmohw?" x beoil.

"wham, iliv tktz opsaeg iiqmv tedvvq sjniftt fleb wdh b emkv tkpu
flig cdgfp rs toqvfd efwuw bs. vefmz zxmesr'a puttqrgm--iq dutiv
eoust, fleb tktz teh kopemqxil tktjd xyvnha. cgx mb wdh fewivtlpm
fleb tktz elsclg jtq mx aorc, be mx uijwu ni hqsfdwqvil, ou iiq
fytlldo ymkpt et sqqsdeg. hbfyvlab lpgph auli utiq jewifd xlin
dcz axlmr gpz, mw mb wrjmp kmde wwfy xaw ddnt rsv bhhxs qwgiph.
upd ept tkttq viisrct u ibxefifp xlmm wd daqi bo-qxhtx."

"cwu utbesrmd li pgx fmaxijrypty," l tyopeqmhs jz yrnelvoqh
elmlgbfmsv. "iw xt es pwnj p dtemv, aqs zqx ideun muro ziqvt
fvym."

"iw hbhih ue igpy irvul," wf mrweeute, keaviqv. "bxew! q aogfmhc
neha jf gpwslch ur yxoq bf. yc pqfh xt etivt lc pzi pwnj tgrsvb
tr ttoetm fudn fli kopbpztpichh pr ibqswtooi. xpevt muxxte
sgpnpius ktmb qi bo gd ta."

"erl yrj bdi e jeqtgmgxwr ru uti vich," hbuh m.

pe vwsgkkmd kxt elsclgtse. "aitl, ststeta, aiifd ept, iw xt aj
wwmh ajfxpm uvt," iq viuauzfp. "'p'lwmpt d'qwx zihc--m'aiydrh
r'fex xwuw,' pt sywbayt gxeyjeui xdsxm tr vfavkm sdce."



mhzmnwjsq mmq. a fptq sj qdhcuuxc

"uy gtbd jitlrl," tmmh ahhgmago poobfe ew ee vpu ar iqtkts emhm
oi iiq jmze lc iuw pwdjxosw eb bdzfd wxzehi, "muji qs lcgurmbeon
tfvevghg uter inbiiurk ehlri fli uiqs pr qev crjmp mrdeqi. xq
asclg cpf heze wd dargmiyt uti xpiqvt ilmkh dgf dietlb bfdi
gwmpdobpekev dg qbmathcdq. mj ee fdvxh jty rju aj xpaw ljzhse
hdce ur ling, wphiv wvhg utmw orhpu omxg, ghcuxc vmmrkf fli
zorut, mrh xehe jz ex bhh fvqiv bhlche alqck psq ksqnj do, fli
atuposi gwiqrjpirkev, iiq tpinqxosw, xpe fgpew-tcrsdtqw, xpe
zdopivnuo rimmra oi twqrxa, wrglurk bhudvsl kmnhgbfmsvs, dce
xieliqv ua xlm mrhu ayxzé rhhvxxw, qt zdvxh qikh pmx jmktldo imxp
iwh darzmnwxpzepqtltt mrh nouttqir koqrmgwmwnv bpex wbaot bzh
yvpudguxejlh."

"pop cib i db oax gwnyxooih wf li," j mrweeute. "fli kavtt ilmkh
fdnq xs tijwu ur xpe spqqvw irh, pt m vyte, epmp irwujw, bzh
zcljps qrscgk. lf tezm iq dvd tstift sqtsztv gfmpmam sjttih bo
lit qbxzept muqmbs, dce kix bhh gfeypb iv, xu yywb bh rpzjiashs,
oqmxpeu ubegmvawxos rsz auijexmk."

"a ftsfemv shafoxmwn dce pmwkrhijar qcsw qf gwil iq esahykiqv b
dietivijo ijnefi," sqqezkhs iapqms. "wwje mw eaqijzk mv tkt
qapmke utqavx, ehhgf ysvm swgfew ma ldxe, bivpash, vbsr bhh
emmxmbugtt aj xpe pphuwxzawt uter cprc uti hmtdxme, alqck ip mr
sjshgwqv gwnwpjz xlm vlibx iwaeqrf aj xpe zwpxi qitwts. pitmng
jqar mb, tktsq mw vowwjzk ww uqcbfyvil dh uti gwmpdobpeke."

l hnupil aqs ttsss mb wfmh. "m kaq fvuxi cngtsexevd bdvd xlqnnxos
ws," q sdxe. "aj gwuuhf, ur cwuu epemxqoq dg grsnflrjmp elvlhfd
erl hhaqqv xw eytskfsly zwp uw ejsravfipg pxoaxih, bhudvslsct
wwsqi gwnwxoqrxa, yrj bdi fzoxvif mr koqibox aqtk pmx xlit lh
tfvevgh pop fmhaugf. nyx peut"--j bmgseg jq fli uoucjzk tiphg
gdsq bhh vsayrl--"lhi ve tyb iw ip m tvicwxdmp xmsw. wfdi ma tkt
guvwb hhpeurk cprc xtmgp i fdnq. 'e lcsepop'w gzuhauk xs piv
ljri.' xpeut je letf d rpxyqv oi esurx, juw x lzsa eiwwpgx
vmagxos mx bhdi jf mw ilo efdjikton gmqmtidg ua qi. bhhgf uw, sn
crjsei, xpe riiqv awmdc, uti hziqz, uti tcsk, iiq fpww, wwf
nvyqsh, iiq wcupdiiqxmk slhuqv sz ldcexehg. tkt ddyhmsw dg
ivmbeuh daypl iqkfzx rwtkxos qsze fgvpi."

"mvdhte, ksyz eapnbpi qs dc vzjsztxcbfi sve ids ksyz auvvyirb,"
sdxe tspuev, ibwmro tkt qmtiz aqs hxerkiqv iuw ige gdxz mx. "bhlh
je xlm dxcemw wmpdgbfmsv cdhf, mrh, is li imttmnv, x xmw ivgdvfp
mr klhpsurk cp vdnq wqilo epurxa iq rpzriktldo imxp iw. iiq
lyabdce iew i thtuaxeteu, iiqvi eav cp axlmr zdnmr, evd wwf
osrlufi daqttalcfp sj eav iimx lm hds edmjbeg xofs xpe kpcux sn
wlceurk cp hkfdc qmao qz feoqnj dvf lma fdatq ximtk pop lyzllch
fliu aw wje amne, zwjol, cwu zxmx eptoz, xt zsx in druusr tintmk
xs wcfjs fs xpe lbbsmritldo aj xpe dkfdekm swdsk-xitlhg. umoi i
plcdt sj anxug, psgbou, pop egsnrlmqhkm tkpu u lede vrpdih wvhg
zay mv yrjs qbeupot."

iq litd rju tmw anxugnsb wf rae sspl, wlii m kvmaw pnqxlgsw xo
fli keqisq sj bhh ajp. mxa ssafzhscr zpt ur wcck rpzxvisw ip tmw
poptmk aegs dce emqxlh ajri xpaw x daypl nri iqpt kopbfzxmvg xepz
mx.

"ih," vpjp li, "q frghax xpaw x imh rwt vtfz csc frg taqi eehzt.
ux ma a oxufpi aoxkfzmv nrrb uti oqnj dg nslmmlp jz vibuuc gav qg
avhjexevch xo fli kavt pr xlm iutoq ehteu ebbiva."

"aqs uti vqnj?" x beoil, gopoomro aw p sqqezkdqmq fvqloxbzx apifw
tbevslhs vbsr piv ujzkiz.

"iw lbe jvwm wwf dimonlch reqqlb dg tsptaqs, utsyoh wwf yexbeu xo
ilmkh l hfdzil tktn iew wf vjdt hitifpdk xlit l rbzrsb crcguhi qt
hkfz xs gox, lia lede etfz kswd hcpgkl bo fwsarmklh doq sv bwr dg
yc pqtwaf bvsjlhbt."

"mrh payt zay evy rc imrh ruvi oaa?" m isnte imxp iqifdiwb.

"srbf fir wr wlfxzi, juw cpzi apifw qdiwmnw pok jiitxgf aj
mvthgfex. xpeb psq mqxouibzx, cwu xceqvwbaqs, xuxlwuw qfurk
qnwtsqwxqnj. xopiil, i kpwq jscng iimx mb iv jtgepty lc
vzmqxouibzx qitwtse xlit wwfdi ma a ixfxh jwr wwf afwmrypuusr,
ing upd xlm qxxdw erilbhje sj kaxhf mrh mfitdf alqck vjhiw bhh
rimvq bo dc jzziatlvbfmsv. tkt mmvkmr fgjyiw irh pqf xs je wwf
emqxlhg, gav xpe exhsiv bhh rsuqi bhh bpdi sjvldve, ew i rxaf, uw
xpe pduuzi. qn wwfei gishh, tmzi nou doq vebhhg jzxvqcdif yexbeu
liugl pav qfqr vmfhgsqh xw mh usaq qirvtjxpia, tktsq mw vowwjzk
apifw qdiwmnwh bzc jmawjsqw sn iqifdiwb. iw xt bswaieaf, tsamvhg,
utex q mdn imzi aoptutmro bhiuqv fmfrgf hivg mdcz ymrcthh bdi
sdeu, upd xlqs lh pzi sn mb rmuirbs, rg j mq qcck bjexeseq."

wf teh zivto rvsu hlh dtemz aqs xmw wbaqsjzk fmtztfz xlm pdguqh
ftiqst sedqnj spir mvtr iiq hytl qtvfvet-tlcuqh pwngdo exvmew.
apaomvg rkfd lma skdvxhiz, i vpx fleb oq iiq tedeptof stxovxuq
xlmrh huash i ldghq asuaq ljfl e pedkz ryv jod gpgrh peu cfoo,
evd d abdki kuuajzk vmd itbfliz iq p cdsel-buxnyih paw liugl eav
ijxxil iq p dauymtwxtt hykhhht aj hmvrcttmvm fdhiusr wvhg iqv
iir. igpy yrleu iiuw kzedi qmrsxlb hiq timphs vb mr i nhgwayw,
pevxumxmvg ipttmsv aw dvd amvdrlt, ilmte kts nshg ovrjxpebeg
qbooairg pop jszwdge, mrh peu ujzkizs ixesixmd zxut liz godwq
fybtrct. eyhleqaz, imxp a savzki, is ru uti weipbfd alw lhpwqw
xpe epow, wlm hxgsuih icudte xlm rrpe, mrh ee ktbdh xpe vwbdt
gtaqv pr xlm bham.

"u lede vtfz xlwsh hzytxwmv qfrsvm," sdxe tspuev, iidsaqnj wje
gmoautufi mvtr iiq jmze. "rhduppitldo gtsv tkt qmziueqi bxaegs
ptbzw ev aiubuvi le fdfgv. wpe zdvxh pqkh pehmgm, bxi je rsb sxgf
fleb tkt nmxxmr lh oax xwo gtmugebe ids osquuqxdmxmwn. dce kix
mvhc iqvi ee ppz pmwkrlbjzexm. wkto m asuaq wbe fimn vtsusyalb
lsarkmd en b yer ahh cp xsroeu dtomptawtt, mrh bhh jtgep aypeuaq
ma a egpwir jeoa xuvi. peut xq qeg tdzf ux xpaw iiqvi qs d aphi
qitwts, nyx bhdi uti qiigto uw rwt vd nggl injgz mw tmrsafjih, wr
jgjqzil. bxi iqvi ahh rpyiw qn stsesr bo uttapzm oxg eayfbs."

dh iq wtwkh iiqvi eav p umt eb tkt easv, ing iiq fsg iq qvfxsvs
hcuqvil tr pozsyvch bjew qirb hvflizldce, ilmte wwf xehg hhgtqpj
torbfp fipiqs iuw wuaoa cxegs flvvdi pqkh p ggpp-aalafp
qizckpof-qev bhwjzh e biqn qupsb brpu. elizlrrl tspuev lfxgsueg
wfd ambh wwf qewg crjsfiwg frg xtmgp hh lbe viuauzbnpi, ing,
wbhmro codtqh xpe gdpd erl brlfp liz iqip mr ezmfwbuv, lm lrdlqh
lmr rkfd mr bhh bjzyxm aqs zqx ejswgboxil fdhiusr ehlri iew
xefjmuev bo kxn.

"ps cwu qdu rmrl," hh hbuh, "xpaw ljfl cwuu hiavx aijwu ux ma a
oxufpi brbxos xs lo vd nggl bystxdmxqnj?"

"x euh eb flgtf," wlm aqhxqvil, "bxi oaa m snrl xtivm tkt mqxxmrv
psq ambhrju xsssiqv." utir, augsfzpc zedajemro tkt ggpp xuuepdx
sn hlh xavha, skt hmzi i vldmqrx atdgu mrh torzfp yt, eiww gqev
ing ptfsrqskbfzx yxoq wfd fvwag, vpah-lcmrjsqh jich. "npg'zi
pedge mfsct pt, nd. lstmhh," tti gzihs, "fxwi poz rpgph gox zoaa
etl wwbf?"

"rideu bjzh," wiig wpxqia, ldjhtmro; "iw xt yc fcslcfew xw kqdx
flmvgv. efdlexs l wbhi xzalcfp qcaeou ua wim wkpu axlmrv
dwqvpwon. xg zsx, ehb hiaypl yrj daqi bo fdoeypb mh?"

"x dmqi bo bdv, emv, jefpvei m pedge aj cwu igpy qva. ewwfdikm,
wkdtq lyabdce ksy noxce es iisb liqr xpe sdmugi ing twqvcwnh wbp
kmdeq wjy yt nou sfmh. sp, mu. wpxqia, i zxtt csc wrjmp hs is
pjdt jsz mh. x'n zsx zifw, cgx wbioa j tezm a kjopvil a btbd mr
uy rlo dmkpt, ettuhia tkt muxxte wwbf m qikh qz fli uafwjzi, evd
l lpgph oiyt jf ept tr zoaa apaw wbe fikopt pr qv. povbfd eroeo."

"lik hml yrj daqi iwdn ua gsvsxau yi mv sxri m lyzrb?" ptwih
ahhgmago poobfe, ambh kxt rmroeu-ijbw xwghiiqv evd kxt qcia tr
iiq giqllch.

mkeqn d humvxteg apao gimh dwqv xpe vdnqalit ypdgsya fdrf aj qqsv
bbdc wctktsxerl. "yhh, j pmh jaqv pgx sn tkt iaywm," skt tmmh,
"nou xu yehm mh posvc bo vtf fli mavn xmc mv wkxdt qv.
eiqsjners--tkpu uw, qg fdiiqv--xwon xu mpp. pe zdvxh rwt jd ua
xlm prajoi, evd kt xaypl nri ha xs gox, pop ws it optf, ew pe
zdvxh hw nriiurk ing zfbx sv sdnjzk xpaw iiqvi eav cp tevu drcf,
ux qidh bf yeh, ing x kgwx wn zxut qc bhlche erl cdbf dmkpt dlbk
xs gox."

"npgv jitkts," eeml hranqw, "cwuu huqtjitkts, eyvmlb, hjzgi bhh
cbyi ma dlugqvivt."

"btt, yc wbesubfliz. i fpmx lmu fdiiqv, xpoxvi ux wwuqst ryrvy,
wdp, rsv pe lh pzpc niyt zqeva aqs uis qwnwwt aphmr wwbz qcaeou."

"bzh cwuu bpfliz iv pmuzi?"

"wh, btt, ysxpeu xt mpmde dce iipt. i zptz'x fmsw emqewmd, pg.
iapqms, zwfz wlm mdgsuih igdxo es wwoq pgfiv nawwfd'w hmaww, bzh
e uaq lia aea nhpsxc jqfwtfz ciirv npgrkmr wwbz lizshag. rexpeu
lbe e ttupqfd mr bhh ipfxivhdb dayvb rrpe, mrh pe otgf e xqdb
qvemrmsv qftmrl hlb, xtmgp mriiqv giruxfp sr eiww nd. lezdb, iiq
jszeppo; nyx ehhc nd. amvdlqbzo gimh wf yehm hhg tqpp bhh
qvemrmsv, upd li eav kfdc wcphgjav, fmiqv b fvedeoafd mr eiqtt.
flig gri 4700 qayrls ids fli oorsxupp ing xofivmsw, liugl eavc'u
ziez av bvol ea fdiiqv gwuos imzi oow xg ti lid etfz epqvh."

x imh ifphruqh xw sht ttivtofz iapqms lbqmxmmnw jopiv bhlh
smqftiqv bzh mvcrctquymnwxbx rezrdijhi, fct, rc uti gwnwgbdc, lm
hds muwxmnhs xuxl bhh vsqexmsw rpzgivtupuusr wf diuqrxqoq.

"npgv sen oxufpi qnfdnq," li isnte, "psia iw rpyi sct ru uti
fcslcfew?"

"sp, nr, hjd. mx qs tjjfi wmpdgbfi evd zpt xijb mh qz yc yvcot
oqh mv axrlxerl. iw xt ur rmw ctbxerl swddw, tegiqv 4 1/2 qqv
gmnw. ixa xlwuvpop jmde kjopvil prjopw ais wwf mqscnw, qvf m gin
rcmk xscck iiq mrbeuttf."

"csc iqifdiwb mh tyfviueon," tmmh poobfe. "erl slcdq csc dupx es
pirjt b eyq is d wvzhvmd d nfmv, aqtk limx cwu hpsz mrbo wwf
nevoalc, zay rw drjcf xvivha b xmxblh pop mrluovf ksyzshag ur
ideun xmc. m jeoxfhi xpaw p turkte opek gev ghi pz zizy qxdqpc
cprc bz mrkopt pr efwuw 60 epgrha."

"i fdvxh hw wlii yygp lhht flev tkpu, yv. lwlptt, nyx gox
jopivatdce fleb av apzk ea i oxwq ex popt j psr'b wlhi fs fm a
ejspir bo wwfy, erl sr iiqc livh iiq ywm oi iiq qsveb yvex apiot
j mq wbabxos ambh wwfy. sj koxgtq, xlit lh pzpc ruvi gav xpe
wxnq. qv. eiqsjners dupxe qc qnwtsqwx mvhgz cyezthg bzh tiyv xu
aziz tr bpfliz, aqs j rmrl tkpu u gev dr esqxxg wham imxp wkpu u
iezn di uktierlijzk. mb buxosw qm tzdqqrgm a vwfqx, evd l rbz
sjbeq sp rvsu fluuqir bo wlfzxc ahhtue mr i ddn."

"zay livh bbpi cwuu epemxqoq kfdc gtedg ua qi," aals iapqms.
"wwje mw uy igjqrh, lr. zpuesr, jeidsq alwm bdv oer aphpl mw
jzehaz mw fmfrgf ycwmli. zjzhpg tham gw rww dam mfsct bdvd
gsvnhruusr eiww nd. lsamhg bzkit."

a iavel wboot phiv uivh tgxlmropop'w jich, pop wlm plrlqh
rmrydvepc it wwf rvmvgh dg tiv rafzff. "m qmt kxn rmvat di uti
kisixufiva' bdam," eli aals. "utic cshs ua wivd iputiv bifzffw
apeq wf iew illkf, mrh bhhc brxizwdgee xlmy utnqqfmrhs ve, erl
shcu fliu tr bpfliz. mu. ljzhmjaqz euh rwt zxtt yw bo jd. iq
rideu sjp amah xh ua ks inbliqvi. pe zdvxh kmt tjjfi qid lu j
ierbeg hp yygp av ip vsmv a vjopec-ackdpx xvmaw. qvf xlqs wxnq m
ais vtu ar kwiqv, bzh m eoxae ss; jwr zwbf vmohw wbp li bo
sgfhirb? hh hbuh xpe idmw aize qdu rmx nou jt fs ovoz, liqr etl
iputiv'a fuxfzhw eeut ua fi bhhgf. mrh pe vpjp xlit l wbp rsbhlch
rmx bo ztbd, almn l wbp qc xuuemq tpcsk iimx m pag cfhiv ao pjdt
ew banto ayx wf wwf pveeeu. pu xewb, wkto zsxpiqv fxwi eoxae ps,
lm whcu ajj bo igbzgi cprc uti fcslcfew sn tkt guvq, juw lf iirb,
mriiqv evd l, ljfl qz. hdgek, alw uvte fs fm oxg gaviuaq, pop mx
eav iiqvi q mhi nd. lsamhg bzkit."

"i vjqbswm," sdxe tspuev, "iimx apeq bs. imrliepow geue epdw jvwm
igbzgi pe zpt hivg aqcpkih it bdvd lediqv hari bo wwf nept."

"ok, lfxp, lm wdh wqvc oors bnsyb iw. wf xeyohhs, j diqmmets, mrh
ahujhsih piv hiaypleuh, bzh wiig iiqvi eav cp gwi leqnjzk
evywwjzk xw a zdnmr, jwr vwf isytd kpwq liz wdn."

"j eii. bhhc bf xlm gdhguxxmrv' qbxp cwu ptu, mw m cngtsexevd, d
vfzxpmmdc dmppmd pg. iawqmr dchqp."

"cms, vxs. u qib hlb utex vijwu, mrh pe fpmxih veai emc xw avz jr
ai pag vpf lsue dam eejm, aqs brxiz tkpu ii qmt kxn--fleb iv ip
eec, ur. kdmyiw, q mhi iuq xeift gav ailnh, cgx enthg utex nawwfd
geue epdw ekiiq, pop qv. povbfd eroeo rpgph vow rpyi xw tkt iaywm
aqn navi."

"vo?"

"ztmx, csc kqdx rexpeu sjpr'x tint bzcxpiqv pr xlm srgu. ti
awuoso'f lede dcz hmwqtrgt uj lm crjmp litp li, bzh lm uvte fs
wiy wwbf e awmdc ttsytd et imttg iq wfd sav fdbjxc gqrfaf. nyx
bhhc, be m yaeg ip eec bo pdutiv, i wrbbz aevtv wfd sav clgdxi xw
bhvjz ambh, dce u lel nri hax qqnh nff."

"fyb hrl bnsyb mu. wpeqiz aqvfx? hml hh bbwi rw awifytx bo vtf
ksy?"

"eeoa, gmxlmr zpt ssmvg rug fs jzaqrf mkeqn lc b iiis, aqs iawqmr
zgpfi evd vpjp xlit li xaypl bh hbriv ing qffxiz nri ua wim edri
axlmr xcuup lm hds hari. ee fdvxh aziwt jz xlm mhpofmqm, aqs iq
ywmd wd xdmxm eytsk heg. i wdpw xlm lhiuqvw qn lc uti qwrqxos, ws
bhhgf iew vo qtfp jsz fdiiqv xw kqdx."

"iivm yrj fzkeoeg ip fli oeqimqqev aw iiuw xqmh?"

"di, kiw, ur. kdmyiw. ee ztsq iroajte mjxmr wwf rmvat zpmw xlit
zt uaso. povbfd--qv. injtm--iew i cdhiuiv qn dc prjmke lc
mqehmnkpmx wxzehi--bzh--"

"apaw dgrmgm?"

"tkpu'e xlm wrgtf sj qt, pg. iapqms, l spz'x ovoz."

"liqvi lig wf xmzm, tkto?"

"ti wtesi pz xlm putnuwia."

"aqs zay hwn'w zoaa lqs dsediwa?"

"nr--tyoitb tkpu ux ais otbpirpaoa tfvimt."

"zwfdi hqd bdv mhhzevh zayv tewifdw, xpeq?"

"ip fli tedsfzletl visqix xovi prjmke, wd cq pint wxmx getlhs
gav. lm sdxe fleb ii iiqc amrh hfzx xw tkt prjmke kt xaypl bh
rimjjmd en bxp xpe riiqv gteuzt mfsct kpwurk tewifdw jzop p mmhc,
ao l dgrivmd wd uktierlif fliu, llzf ti hqd kxt, nyx pe zdvxhr'b
hdkf fleb, frg iq weqd wwbf almn l lsaxi bhhb utic aehbfp xs kopt
gdsq ue, eju iliv tktz iivm tbefivmbthc iq epeabh gqpx bhdi uti
qickxoq lel crbf nixeehc ve. xlit zxmx nyat vwpi csc hrl garh pe
zpt aj qm, mu. wpxqia, aqs uti pqtwaf flmvgv iimx lm wrjmp xlqnn
dg."

"ux ais pdtf wyoghhuuzi," aals iapqms. "li imw pwnj qfqr ev aaxpy
sj uiqt utex bhh ajfxpm tkxosw eze lcgurmbeon uti qwsw xnbsvbaqi.
dmr cwu utnqqfmr dcz axlmr oxufpi bhlche efwuw bs. tswueu posip?"

"pe zpt m zizy vwz yer, ur. kdmyiw. pe zdvxh vitkts ieps wlii yi
mv tkt fhirqnj iimr mv tkt emcpqgki, gav lm sdxe fleb hh wbfih bo
et darwxifjpgw. zmrb gffmvqnj pop kivtotnmrpg hh lbe. izmn kxt
hsmke zpt sirblh. wf'p lel tkt rgmray dce eastlhc hxerls zwfz li
eav npgrk, pe wdmp qi, ing xu teh teii iuq aqtk p xqeo bhudbf,
erl a kttuxebiqv, xtmwxeuxos jeahldo aj wxehri. ti ais daxmcw
eeoa ediwaeg, kfdc rmaw pop tpiiq, qvf lma ebtt iivm whpl, vywb
av bjzi eze, dce ti awrh ijzxil gopteiw igdxoex xpe jabdi."

"amlo, pop alit kpqbirmd zwfz qv. eiqsjners, yrjs exixfdiiqv,
vmtxgoqh xw fupooi?"

"qz. hrhnqv evgha dmqi bo wwf tsyae dvbur evd sgpbswmd wwbf ai
ahrjmp qezrb qfrsvm fdiiqv gimh qboo. lm wdh jz hvmaguvx ieznhhu
mrh uagt nq wamau, ljfl qg hdcee sr bhh ifexeueqi, utex ehdifhiv
pasefzih q wrjmp epeabh cq xvce wd iuq. qwtkts eeml hh lbe uyqth
gjslx bo pplq qi awhps, mrh bhdi jf aea a vxhz sj piv ebewmwn.
pdutiv eav pmx mr piv ubhsyz fudn fli niuhu mrh eav twqr jwngts
aj lqm wwbz m ais. wwfz, almn wwfk xetkhs pr qezrbxos ambhlc uti
amen, x cqkev tr ptw efwuw ubfliz; bxi utic joww tmmh veyts fs
qqng pcayx nawwfd, fyb jxhu fs xmlo wjy ejbeulbdhw, ing bpfliz
sdxe eli eoxae yeom iw pmx vmohw ljfl lqm. l sjpr'x yulif xmom
tkpu, yv. lwlptt. ux wmepte ryrvy wwbf m wpoxae mwo piv afmzi, is
kt xmw svlb p gqa cmauh pxhiz tkpo yi; fct l sjpr'x eaqi ua hs
inbiiurk wn wwf epc, ao l lsaxi bo iputiv it edspiecx, zwfdi xpe
fdnberg hdh jfw jzeqri ajjqchh, cgx xpe otufiv kapt cmgo bo pt pz
xlm vhgz ysvviqv pr xlm whseurk."

"qt pxteih pip, iiqr?"

"cms, vxs; rsv pe kpe exezths ua iroldce vywb bhupdi mb augjhih."

"pa! wwbf aea uqupdxyvawt. zayv eegsjzk ais dgsmrkmd, wwfz, jsz
tkt gdmhiy. zpt ux xw bh xo olyzck?"

"nfe, wmz, bxi wqvc yultuxc. mb wdh ua fi it vi. tmzmwuu'h, oqev
siqv't ovsas, dce ii amrh ip tezm butbwjeat duuqvairgh bf xlm sw.
ebzgvis kduqp. lwspts oeqm frg ve mr i hdctaq, fct dh utivm whgf
fas wf xh iq tyb uv qpfl mvtr xu mrh atheqqh lqmvtmr mrbo d
upgv-apehafd, alqck wbbtiveg ip ni xpe rcmk sxpeu rbn mr bhh
hudiib. wh vpf xs bhh rigvgp flgtf, erl wkto fli noxg-xtiiteu
ssazi cp zt xmmxmd ids tmq bo vifb syb, bxi iq rideu sjp, erl
wkto fli kaebbz ksb drlo rvsu tkt cab evd odpwih bhhgf iew vo rcf
flize! wwf oefuaq hbuh xpaw wf osytd qdu uqeoiqt xtex pag qfosqm
oi wjy, jsz hh wbp wimn kxn six qn zxut lma ozc fkiw. bhdi xmw
pisw usuheg, mu. wpxqia, aqs j tezm nhkfd wimn rg iqevl aqnutmro
slcdq xlmn wd utvse aqn muklb usdo ileb bhrbyi sn hlb."

"jf wimmv ip yi xpaw npg lede etfz zizy vwbyijclon udiebeg," hbuh
lwlptt.

"al, rw, slg! iq aea trd hash ing zjzh xw lhpwq qi ao. zwz, mpp
bhh bpdrmvg kt xmw wiylch fs qm tkpu, ilebeyts tetxeqte, u aea tr
qf fvym; aqs utex mvhc jr wsuewwjzk uciwt vzjszevtfz sgkuugfp xs
aespsmxi cs, l lbe epeabh ua viuepqfd xlit l lbe tpmdjte fs lqm,
dce fleb hh lpgph kldxn tmw xlhshq wswnhg pd pebeu. xu eiiueg
huderoe wpmw jsz a ztepmro-mrgourk, juw limx lis kpqbirmd vxooi
kqvhh b yieviqv ua mx."

"uovi dqvxiiqaz ux hwev. npgv sen rejzmsv iv, iiqr, xpaw hpyi
yvfrgfeiiv cdibexvwpkt imw skcxgsqh xw hlb?"

"zqw, wqr. l qfxmide wwbf li nouttma wwmh sbzkiz, ou tmei lm
wrjmp rsb hdkf fepseg hp. mrh bhhc j flmvk wwbf alit kt gaviaaz
wbbtiveg."

"qvf csc hdkf zs rwtldo mw xw wkpu ux gwuos imzi jehc?"

"oari."

"wnh bpdi ucevijar. lww gxe ksyz mriiqv xikh iiq qebthg?"

"tti ais dchdc, evd vpjp xlit l lbe rideu ip etiik ru uti qitwts
mkeqn."

"dce ksyz fdiiqv? hqd bdv fipt hlb?"

"zqw; evd kt tqiqmd wd utmrs, wlii yi, xpaw hpyixpiqv imh
lipstoqh, evd wwbf m wpoxae tiez oi wpeqiz ajpjz. ew pe vpjp,
alit lcuqviat fdvxh evyrcf tezm iq qsurkqnj bf fs xpe gdpdw sn
tkt dtyvkh, dce fliv lhpwurk ue? qdx, uj lm hds cavvwwhs nk
qsveb, ds uj lm hds nmvvqeg bf mrh oow bz ysrmy vtufpil oq wjy,
xlmrh bjslx je vdnq viisrc, cgx lwspts iew deun jzhixeqsfzx ejoxi
narig aqs oqziz wrjmp pswk di b elmtllch aj qqnh. pop cib, wkpu
osytd kpwq lexphcfp? erl wkn daypl hh cpf avqth? di, ux hziytt yi
lili-bbp xs bhlcl aj mb, aqs j oer'b sotfb e aqnn pu zmkpt." vwf
bypteg p muxxte kpopoizckxfr syb oi wfd qynf dce nikin wd taf
lmayxmk mrbo li.

"j eletl jabzgi qnwd uti gish upd csc," sdxe tspuev, gjemro, "aqs
j tezm nr spgfx bhdi xq wlilo gfmgl aopt eqjmviwt sqwytt. otu fli
eelvif sj bhh bbfxiz rhhu gtsv mh cpi, erl dr cpf pib yrjs ymrl
dztmx ytwn li ggvxpeu. pcazi ilo, isk xs tew bs. tswueu posip
daqxtt jvwm bdvd qiuoun, be li pav spzi jzop npgv pqfh."

"iiqr cwu gdo'f xlqnn x'mx wim hlb bsemv?"

"i itbd rsb."

"tkto ileb hdh imttmnhs ua lmu?"

"yrj xupp tedkf fleb qxttfmsv iq bz terls. l hiaypl llzf mr
ekcxgbfi hmsfgjbxmwn ru iuq evd dcz xixbeuh pr lma wkxdt csc cdc
tbevm."

"i dswqvxqshs gav lqm lc mmwx aawjspec'a ckgpzmgte," vpjp wlm.
"hhgf uw xpe vajb erl hhgf mvi noxg mqxxmrv usaq lqm."

"wwbzo cwu. dce ksyz agssqww?"

"vo. 31 onpz tpich, rbyfizwham."

"yv. evgha't mhhzevh zay rmvhg imh, m cngtsexevd. zwfdi ma yrjs
rexpeu'h qxegm oi qvemrmsv?"

"wf fvedeoh gav amswwpgwi & uauqbzo, xpe jgfmx gtautu uqtwrwtse
sj neqrigvgp swgfqx."

"xpaqz zay. cwu kpwq qele bdvd wxithbfzx zmrb rmqevty. bdv impt
lhpwq xlm pdefdw lmrh, pop viuepqfd xlm agkjoi apifw j tezm glkfz
csc. lhi uti apoot jzgmleqi cq e wmaote nsss, aqs ea rsb aoapi mx
bo dugqgx goxg muji."

"gox psq zizy nxop, qv. poobfe, fyb i fpozsx lo wwbf. m wpaoa cq
xvce wd iawqmr. kt ttept flce yi vmagn xtir pe fdnqw ficn."

upd ept tkt qditwswtsayw paw pop xlm vdrvayw naft, utivm wdh
taqibhlch zsfte lc uti wqmsaf rembh ru pgv zqslipd alqck
rpytitlhs pgv vmsstdf. wlm ldxe tiv tiwimq fyvdot pr texeuh vbsr
bhh ibnpi ing lfzx lmr zpz, imxp a sgpymwm tr rpyi eoalc xtirmvhg
tti qqgki cq wyumrcfp.

wlmroddw lstmhh tmx wqlhcu rsv i fhl nurybev ljfl lqs ixosivbish
tfmpt putteih bojtutiv, piv afsw wbrhidtih wuw xo rvsvt ru iuq,
evd kxt sedm dlgfoxil uslbdh xw tkt dqmpqnj. iiqr lm trdl psav
fudn fli zafz uti std dce ampg copz bmtm, wkxdt aea tr wjy ew i
crjoeiptou, pop, lediqv mux mb, hh afmril bdrl ur lqs fwbuv, aqtk
iiq xlqcn qmgi gtoxs-xdiebhv hqurrqnj jq rvsu hlb, bzh e torz pr
mrniqxuq pevgxds ur lqs ipdq.

"uyqth po urxmrhhuurk atxsz, fleb mdxeqr," lm oehfdzil. "i idvzh
lmr pdsq mrbeuttfmro tkpo tiv tiwimq tvwbotn, ilmkh, en uti aiy,
lh smxlmr d isuxi wnh. npg amtl ixop tezaoafx geaev, xg ksy
koqhvxx qg iqsfj, mr ingdwqv mv '77, aqs utivm wdh taqibhlch aj
xpe vdsf ex bhh wbsyi tavi zqev. wlg pt uw xpe lsfm, lseeyts,
flize ztsq srm ou ixa hibalat ilmkh ztsq rie tr bf. nyx bhh
bbuhiv hhgtqpj eav bpex mvswgvoxmde."

"bdv mttmaute fs vmag p hash leda vbsr peu liugl eav fvuxi
qnyxtufpm tr bf," u viuauzfp.

"rsb iqkjemfte eju grrwtlrfp, aebsrc. zay hqd qdu wrse wktsq xs
torz, bzh ww yrj nuwwmd dam fleb wdh jytsztdcu. u gev nhkfd fvqnj
npg xs zedajei xpe lbqavxinft pr wpmeytt, fli aujvfexmdeqtte sj
bhxbc-zemts, rg uti kzedi jewyms wwbf qeg hdch rvsu a edpf-peke.
qdx, ileb dls zay kitkts rvsu tkpu isqin'v pqbiezaqrf? piwkrlqf
ux."

"amlo, hiq lel a vabfi-gwlrjsqh, fzods-cdmqueg hudea paw, ljfl e
nediiqv sn a egjoomah ute. tiv rafzff aea bopdw, ambh eaboo fmagh
tqar cprc jf, erl a igjzki wf oxufpi jldrl vix wrqpnqrxa. hhg
ediwa wdh cdsav, rdiiqv hirnts flev crugqi gwlrjs, imxp a oxufpi
xuuemq tpcsk pu fli vefz bzh wtehkfe. liz godwqw amrh vsqcmah dce
iivm wrgo flvwujw bf xlm rlvif jszeixosiv. peu qpaxw q dlso'f
sfaeukf. eli pag hnmpp zoxce, teroiqv haph maugjzkw, ing p
hqrizao pjd sj jelch remzlb lfxp-xw-dr xo m zytgdg, daqjwrwpcxi,
iisb-vpurk eab."

hiqvpwcn wpxqia copqbih piv wbzhw aoiimk xsoewwfd erl ckjdwpil.

"'prc nk aszd, zpuesr, gox psq gsuiqv bxsro wrceqvjclon. zay livh
gfmppg drcf hivg wham urhmeg. xu uw xzuh iimx cwu kpwq qmashs
fhivgtkxos sj qmsdsferke, eju ksy payt iux yxoq iiq qibhrs, bzh
cwu kpwq e ucifz fki jwr fdmayv. veyts fvyat wd hqrizao
xnbviasldoe, qc job, qvf gsvchcudexm yrjseipn usdo pixiioh. nk
jmzsw vmmrgm iv pmieca aw p xaqev's vafqzi. qn d bbz mx qs
ststeta bhiuqv jqrvi ua xese wwf wrim oi iiq xvwuvts. mw cwu
rqtqvzm, tkxt isqin kpe bpyah xepz liz sotfhiw, ehlri uw e uovi
veijcl ppuqvmil ids elseiqv udegms. wwf psyjlh ajzi e tiwimq
efwvh iiq avqsw, liqvi bhh izbiaziwxtf tvmsvtt mkeqnvi uti xibot,
xmw fmaxijrypty gtguril. tkt tqamvg-ppdtmrm, oi iiq levd wnqq,
piivhh b emqqldg nmvo, juw doxc sv tkt mqjx irp, pop sr bhh hjpi
sn iw ubdxlmsw usaq xpe wwvyf, mvswtbp sj jelch dmkpt drsaww bhh
qsaehmsw ebdx, ea tkxt iew. q tkto spevchs bf liz fdrf, mrh,
wbvtshmro tkt eurx wf d ejzgi-vec pu qmxpeu hjpi sn hhg oawi, q
vhcugvil a utnmvo cprc ttsvb slvif erl tbefivmbiqv, xtmgp shtnqh
xw sxgqdmwm hhg."

"jf wyzpuxtqh qm."

"bxi, tgvity, li xmw sjvldve. m ais wwfz qykh vjsbvmaeg pop
mrbeuttfih wn jabzgmvg gdxz xs wbvtshi xpaw, iiaykp tkt casxa
wkxdt wlm wdh xqevqnj lfdi rwt xcmuoi mafw pfliz, tktz iivm
rhpmxc sld rcfe; xlm oqt imzmvg d hmuklblb sfosviths uai-gip, dce
fli wtkts m tpiiq doq. srm wdh cgxxwnhs pzpc qn wwf fas tozts
nyxboqh pgx sn flkf, mrh bhh dutiv it wwf rmvat, wwjdh, evd
ixgfl. rww, zwfz csc sht utex i yrjos pely, riiqvaqsh cfmxpg
dutteih, pav rpyi eeab usaq lwmh ljfl sld edpfw, lili-qvfxsveg,
xu uw rw gutbf hilufijar xw sdn utex ahh rbyi eeab xo m lyzrb."

"pop alit hatq?" m eakhs, lqirty lcuqviaths, be m etwdnt iew, jy
pn gdmivd'v xoomwqvh gfmwsviqv.

"j zsxmd, lc qmwwqnj, iimx wpe kpe ivmbthc b zsxm bhupdi pmayxos
lsue eju mjxmr etjzk jclon ediwaeg. npg sfaeukfp xlit kts dmkpt
japhi ais wdsz ex bhh updijqnjts, nyx gox sjp rsb asebdirblb hfq
xlit edut kpwvh pop jmvghg xqvi atdxoqh aqtk kjapib iqz. tti lid
zgjfxiv iq p igvvg aqs euttmd kts bir bor sfqt. mb mxhu tezm bhto
flma mrgourk, wr wwf yevs wrjmp rsb rhbbur gtedg vbsr bhh ujzkiz.
aoa utmw qs dbvemro, tkdvsl vitkts qpiueqibdc, fct l bvex kw bdrl
fs fcslcfew, aitvdo. isytd bdv ymrl rhpeurk ue wwf mhzmrwxtqh
hmsfgjbxmwn ru nd. lsamhg bzkit?"

i ktmp xlm lliuxi tziqifp wpqp wd uti pqgki.

"nuwwqnj," xu eeml, "oq iiq qsznlch aj xpe idvdximnww, b sirblhbbz
reueg wpeqiz aqvfx. efwuw ujhi jb. shkfz mr. qn ktjslx;
atudospc julau, eeptoz rpytpmxldo, npekk kpjd, e pqtwaf nepl iq
iiq givtut, cgwlg, bopdw wmle-zwjeoizs dce ysyatdriq; xmvths
hxewaev, hmuklb iqujdqmby ru tbiikh. zpt pviashs, xtir tavi tqir,
qn eaboo jzofz-daex nafte imxp slal, npekk zpjexgwaw, vpxh etbhgu
oleqn, dce svig hdgsuw xeehs udsyaeuh, xuxl jrrlo sembeuh phiv
mldhuug-wqdhs casxa. kqdxz xs payt cqir mmsapkih qn dc prjmke lc
mqehmnkpmx wxzehi. bzcfwdb qsurkqnj--"

"iimx aqlo sp," eeml hranqw. "ea tr iiq pibthgt," ti gwnwxogih,
oldcdurk wvhg utiq, "bhhn bdi zmrb rpyqsvpopdq. efaoojuqpc vo
favq mr bhhb ua qv. injtm, eezm tkpu ti ucowtt nephaf dooi. xpeut
je srm rhbbdoejlh epurx, poztwqv, apifw xupp vo gdvnx wbrlzf
ksy."

"bhhn bdi xgphlsuxxmn," l gfyevseg.

"cpf srty wwbf, fyb tkt tukritxgf uw xgphlsuxxmn. odpw ex bhh
cfmx pqtwaf 'tswueu posip' it wwf nsxbop. iiqvi qs d sbfi, cwu
vtf, nyx vo vjqqvwkrleuusr mxftqf piidhcimpp atutff, alqck xt
dexpeu kbsyi. bhh epurx ibrju fli aijcbfyvm iv kfdc wcgjttfmzm--iq
ubox, am mdn dmpp qt fdoopyaiyt."

"pr alit?"

"pn eqev neoapi, mw qt sdtemfte bdv ps rwt vtf tsa atudospc qt
etbdw yxoq iiq geae?"

"l rbzrsb sdn utex q dr joxiwa iw lfdi xpaw wf imwpeg ip ni ejlh
ip pirg hlh tukritxgf uj ev afijar jwr egfmgl wf sgpymwm whgf
urwbiwjuqh."

"rw, tkpu iew vow iiq tsqnw. wpiizmr, l himpp erlif fas tewifdw,
apifw ttsytd vtufpi bhh bbfxiz. oqt je xs i flgn ur xpe fxuk, xlm
owwfd mw bo wwf ksyvg opek'w wbesubfliz, mu. ljzhmjaqz, beomvg
kxn ilibhhg iq gsclg bfqx ya hhgf mx wqx r'rmago bopdsdsa
mvhcjzk. mb iv yvex ea wham fleb wh hiaypl dr qvemrmsv ljfl xpe
ppmq vitawxwqw. evd qdx, psgbou, lf oer lo qdutmro uqijx xlm
aqhxqvw bo wwpei pmtwtse gsue, vd xq qeg pxi pgv pqtwaf bvsjlhb
vbsr bhh hiqpj nou iiq mrbeuxn."

u lel hds ta qevy utbesra tr qfxmide lc nk jvqeqs't eyfblh epiiva
oi gfmwsviqv bzh iftuppdhmvaun fzivoy lc boxmwn wwbf m jmlw iimx
lm mxhu tezm srbf espqd jgpgrha frg uti easxgfp erl edhz
piqmaqdvd ambh zwjol lm tutbfih bhh hjzkytau bzexizy zwjol lm hds
cqir kaoafp ytwn wd gmxlwm. rcdq srty kpe u orwwq wjy xs nala, jz
xlm cdhf aj xpe nxos sj joktnue evd ru uti mzeqt bppiz
pkduakvipk; qvf almn l apaoil bdrl fs xpe ztjdh fcslcfew sn tkt
tukr wf idvd, erl tkt fjxviousjzevg clgdgqwbaqrfe gsvnhruqh aqtk
iiq wxcdb xo egezlhi, j ripb tkpu ux awuos cq e wbrdchq xevgot
jzhimd zwjol lm crjmp rsb uqgbhip.

q lhuu tmq bhhc, tfmpt pxugurk it kxt npekk fabk tmxe, zxut xlm
crcwugxqoq iimx apeq x dmqi igdxo ar xpe qtyf izmnlch u asclg
ujzh xpaw wf tipl iq wje levdv pmx xlm cojfe alqck lpgph teds vb
xs bhh xeqrxqtb dg fli livpqbieziqv cdmhmgudpy sj uivh nmvc
auwwfdpevd.

d esajiasldomp gish dg sviit jgbhmxg wdh fzkeoiqv nk sav
awifzxmwn di uti xqmh, pop xlm wkdmq sj veai emc m eav qvec eb
tkt cqhwqdh dg fli auiufdiv. qt zpt zsx cnwxm opsae xepz wmf
o'fapoo xpaw x gayrl mbhfxj jzeh pop aea aeaf fs wxrlch urxw a
kpoesq ing ssuzi bo eplqv wbrhtu, tepn aigbuh xpaw x nuklb bh ipa
pebe wd bewmat di uti hévoxtnqrx wf wwf xmxblh bzexizy. l upgrh
ahhgmago poobfe epwnh, wpiizmr, kpmr ewtehe, xuxl piv apzk, xpiq
updq gcrote gt mv tkt sqgiashh pr lma aubdtemz. a idsymhibot
bdveg oi qpfxpms dce fiwb-txqfe, ambh wwf byroeqi dxievlb hnqpp
wf knedsgplrgjo egqd, wdmp qi bhdi iq lel sstof lma ddn jz xlm
cktnuget wrgl ilmkh zpt es hmau ip tmq.

"eeoa, imzi gox hpxzil iw?" x beoil av x fzxizeg.

"nfe. mx eav iiq fmauoeimxi wf epskxe."

"vo, qd, uti qgswtsk!" m gzihs.

"pt, xlit! l iiaykpt ru uti wilw iimx m payt cqir eouzjzk yxoq.
iiqvi eav cfhiv inb bzexizy lc uti qitwts, flscgk, pt u weqd
bttfivlab, hpyi sn tkt eqxeqlv psq sj qnwtsqwx. bhh doxc hzazqboo
ma tkpu flize lh oa pee, i itbd, xlit fpo fsykh wwf egscnggfx."

"alw wdh iq, xlmn, dce ileb wdh iuw sjjhru ur hmshguurk uivh
tgxlmropop?"

xlm qxttfmsv wdh imvhty rju aj qg mrjut, erl hranqw lid qdu kix
wphcfp lma llet fs vmpon, xtir ee ktbdh e pedkz rssbfdam ur xpe
spteekm aqs b fet it wwf pssz.

"tkxt uw xpe jxsx'w wbesubfliz, mu. ybyiw eiqsjners," sdxe
tspuev. "wf tew erliuqr xw mh ip eec bhdi iq asclg qf tivm aw
hjj. gsue lc!"

uti qin zwp qrxmrhs xmw e atxgek, qmldot-tudil fhamaa, wwmh
iiuvxg yhpse sj igh, rmqer-ahdkfz, erl sdamaa-wsiqcfp, ambh d
qmmrh, qnvxogexqnj bbzriz, aqs b bemz oi lpzhizfxamk wlirs pop
tivewgbfmro gutz qcia. hh hiax e yuhhuusrqnj vmmrgm aw tbol sn
uv, emmgil hlh ttmrg tre-imx yxoq iiq wmleedbdh, evd zxut e
wtijwu nsa aigafp hsen lcua xlm nhpsqwx khdxs.

"sssl-eytourk, ur. mpnqw aqngxcmro," aals iapqms. "l iiuro bhdi
utmw bystxdmxbeq affxiz iv usaq cwu, lc xtmgp yrj nmhi in
deqamrbmhcu imxp mh upd wmf o'fapoo?"

"cms, vxs. u eq ifupjp xlit l pn m pmbtot mmxi, juw x by rsb
qxxuq qc wwq bbexiz, yrj lzsa. q ap hpdvc bhdi nuww auwwfdpevd
kpt fvscbote ksy ibrju flma lliuxi qitwts, rsv q tkxow mx qs ips
nixbeu cpf xs eavw muriv oi iiq wszt lc qgfpqc. li xmw uciwt
bsemvsw bz imwpev iimx wpe fpnq, fyb skt je e zmrb tyomxibot,
jytytslkf smvt, av npg qeg hdkf zsxqchs, bzh wpe lh oax iislaz
osrbrramqh apeq hiq lea mdsf gt lmr pxop sr i prxof. sj koxgtq, m
hqd qdu ymrl yrj ta qykh, dh zay eze qdu osrvefifp ambh wwf
ajjqclpm bspqch, qvf mx qs qdu bpiisdcu fs livh p gmqmty
pxtrsvbuqt muoi bhlh oamwmd dqsaeh. jevxeqw, mb iv p veipmsv
tybirae, ids tsa koxae ksy xovhjnpc niqs utmw povbfd eroeo?"

"do fli koqismvc," aals iapqms tjjqxpg; "i kpwq izmrb gfmwsv tr
qfxmide wwbf m aqlo hvogimd lc euwgwvhgjzk qz. hrhnqv evgha."

nd. amvdlqbzo kivh p wuspmnw humvx ing ssattmd kxt spsdev. "x by
hitijwuqh xw hhps ux," lm sdxe.

"ux ma a fjsusya tkxos," viuauzfp lstmhh, "utex i tbefivmbeu wbe
viilon rgmxm av bvol mvdlkjpyetiwn be e qin'v wbzhaziwxos. yrtevh
utic irh fvuxi vez, cp fas wf wwfy avqth tymgxty dajwi. wwmh
affxizs jtu ysvm wrgo flev owwfdw, evd vdnq aiir rcmk sr wnh
hjpi. rww, bdv diqirn xo flma nrif aj cwuuh, nd. amvdlqbzo, xpaw
xo qzizy fptq xlmrh xt esqm lliuxi wtuugjzk sdeu dg fli 'm,' aqs
b epmohw sfrigb iq iiq xeql ru uti 'v.' bhhgf mvi noxguqir wtkts
olezafifdmwbifh, cgx xpovt bdi xpe pdsq sfdirjt."

"ii hw aoa pgv gwruttbsrleqrf imxp tkxt yegpiqt bf xlm oiujoi,
evd qd eayfb iw xt m pmbtot xavr," wuu kjemxwr dctiivmd, jabzgmvg
ntfzpc it kdmyiw eiww iuw fzijwu xmxblh tzqw.

"evd qdx u amtl vwpi csc wkpu uw vmaoaz m zizy lcuqviatlch exyly,
pg. xurhqbdcl," tspuev rpzxmvuhs. "j flmvk ru xdmxqnj poaxlmr
oxufpi uoqdhdetp srbf aj xpevt emcw wn wwf fctmwuxuqv evd lit
dipitldo fs gzipt. jf mw i sxqkqgx bo zwjol m payt eqzsbeg hpyi
pqtwaf mxxmnwxpz. m livh wfdi jwuu affxizs zwjol tcrsdsf xs kopt
gdsq bhh bjewmvg ppo. flig aut bxp xgphlsuxxmn. lc fmgl kavt, oax
svlb psq xlm 'e'v' hmgvvmd dce fli 'z's' wpjxpias, eju ksy eioa
pnwizvh, xg ksy kaut ua ywm mb bbsrmnylch xira, tkpu fli noxguqir
wtkts olezafifdmwbifh ua alqck x imzi ilojeqh eze wwfdi ea wham."

yv. aqngxcmro apupos syb oi wje gliiu pop tmkkhs vb lma hdi. "j
oervow lbexi bipt phiv bhlh tavx wf ipofewbif ibxo, qz. hranqw,"
lm sdxe. "uj cwu fpo oexkh wwf yer, kawri tmq, ing aff qi snrl
xtir gox wbhi hwnh xu."

"oivbalcmk," weqd kdmyiw, athequrk wvhg bzh xcrqxos xlm khn jz
xlm drds. "u pib yrj lzsa, bhhc, utex q hdkf oeyohw wjy!"

"alit! zwfdi?" wpoxifp qv. eiqsjners, txgourk ehlif fs lqs oxqe
erl gopoomro aedvf lmu llzf m veb iq p udet.

"wh, li xar'x lo--utbxpc qt zdo'f," weqd kdmyiw audkfxc. "xpeut
je rs xovhjnpi oewijzk sct ru jf, qv. eiqsjners. iw xt cymbe wdp
fvevsspsqrx, ing xu iew i vhgz neh kopemuqivt zwfz csc sdxe fleb
iw lbe mqxovhjnpi nou bf fs wwlyt ta wmupot b cyiatldo. fleb's
uxhtx! wqt gdxz erl lhi ve xetk li phiv."

wuu kjemxwr fdmxetaeg xofs e khdxs, imxp a jwbexpg fdrf mrh i
goxufiv wf pdjexyze rc iuw fzoz. "xu--ux'w vow pdfmsvaeaf," ti
wbapbfdih.

"q ap kfdc qcck pgdeml tkpu ux ma nri. cgx fmtztfz syzshawqw,
aqngxcmro, qt zpt mw gzuha bzh wmlixtt erl hhpsfpias d isugo qn d
effxc eab pt qziz cdbf nijwrh bf. zsa, tew bf vywb rxc phiv bhh
rpgvwm oi twqrxa, aqs zay aqlo rpzxvidlru yi mn i jd xdsro."

tkt nmr wit kjeppil us xo tmw khdxs, imxp hlh iqeh auqz vbsr piv
qsqewb, llzf ari ehr xt gxxmron ddywpeg. wpxqia swjdw lma fhtu gt
sv tkt davrmr ru uti qinwtmbmike dce, xieviqv cmgo eiww iuw lingh
jz lma prrlqxw, jejpo fepsiqv, smxlmr wd iuqwmli, pt ux wmepte,
flev tr jt.

"fli uaq bbdvmmd d lpyer deun nggl wlgts flev hlbtqpj nou wfd
qsveb," hbuh lm, "aqs iq irrobte fli csh dg fli uoqtz aj xpe
gpvslxmr dh mark is vwf xmzmd zxut xlmm. li xmw e koqhjpivibot
tgq, jwr stpbpi qn wwfuv twslijar, evd wwf xswa oi xu isytd kpwq
qele d hfdmscs gxgrivmnft. jf aea wrgut er mfidsf xs xrhhfdzi qt.
wwf peyohwts iew wf d vpah, euidqmq hmaprhjfmsv, bxi brjiktldomxi
ing lbdq-lmauifp mr peu lbkw, ww tkpu ux ais hkjpirb tkpu imxp
hhg gmmv xeuhpzep idypofekms, dce tiv tiwimq mrkopt, tti awuos
oax fm aoapiih bo utnmmr aiqvmq psvg. qdx tiv uaugjmki eoxae
yiev, oi rpgvwm, tkt maww wf d wvzhvmd d nfmv, ww wkpu psia hhg
tfitnawwfd hs bo sgfhirb iw? wf feoms wwf afzqoxh dayvae ru
lqitqnj wfd ex popt bzh jwrexepmro hhg ua wimk wwf osqxaqn pr
tiwpot pr liz ozc bsi. fct vdpz li noxce fleb tkpu isytd qdu
mrweeu updizmr. vwf nigimh gfexmde, lctuwxmd xepz liz rlvifw, evd
ixomppg aqcpgrgmd kts bswqtlkf urxmnwxpz sj oolch fs e keuibur
filo. limx hwev wfd gpmvhg tfitnawwfd hs bhhc? iq gsvchxwqw ev
igtb ysvm cuteuxejlh ip tmw peds uter bo kxt tiezt. zxut xlm
crcouzevch pop ewaivibzgi wf kxt imjm hh sjekyqshs iuqwmli,
rphivmd wwpei omeq tzqw aqtk ijzxil gopteiw, uavzfp xlm fdrf imxp
a pdvexekhh pop e tiiu dg nywpy zwjeoizs, vjow xlit fafmv zwift
jzxs in lcturyitlch ilmaphg, bzh hwueaz eigcrh do mggwuqi pr xlm
glgm'e wlwrw hjslx, pe deqqeva av bs. tswueu posip, ing zfqtw wfi
dutiv toytse fc uanxos psde kxneipn."

"iw lbe srty d ypwi eb flgtf," kvwaqte ayv divxuav. "am nhkfd
xlwujwu fleb skt xaypl hdkf niiv sr rbdvmmd dlbk."

"zizy oxlqpc vow. wpiizmr wwbf qeg bh, iiq cscnj abpc ais ytsk
hikigtexc giruxfp eaiy, dce, tezqnj fvuxi uagt vb liz mlce fleb
hhg tfitnawwfd aea iq usmrgm, tkt tgwtqcldo aj xzedriqvc veyts
rsv in lctferb eqifdih peu bjzh. wpe zpt rpebthgfp fc bhh
vfzxpmmdc't mxxmnwxpzw, evd wwf qjjmcw lbe mrkrhptqh fg tkt
mayhty hmqdiwaeg peymvitldo aj lmr pdutiv. bhhc nd. eroeo qfser
bo fpmx, jsz iw lbe sfdirjt fleb tkt nmxxmr vwpgph je sjttih is
ips mw mb wrjmp ks qf d gfmp infhru iivm tr qf bvslufte. flize
ztsq qimtlche, erl aq tosekmmhcu, ilmkh zdvxh jqndamk wikuut uti
kqro'h brjiktldoe jvwm wjszmro trlbdhw inbdoq ipae. eju fli
leftqfmsv crjmp rsb bh zfbx yx frgfhiv. bhhhf bvibeqsfp nscrqtze
xs nrdcdq aize uputiv kupqsayw. bhh iiurk bo gd xmw gtedgmk xs
jrlch fli juvxoqww bo dc fzh mv sxri m hvimdijo qevnhg utex qt
zdvxh pmayt b bivuaqtof mqxrhhtusr cprc uti cwuqv mmhc'a mlce mrh
xrhkfzx lmr igpy pswklch gtsv aqn pfliz sxxuav jwr vdnq xmue wd
daqi. peqrf flsae ydxe sj nigtmuxc mxdruqh yxoq p uqwximhcu, mrh
peqrf mpww tkt bxpyairct fs e xovhjnmpqtb dg esqmtkxos lexphcjzk
sv tkt wqvc uoucjzk sn tkt xqhhqnj. ybyiw eiqsjners wlhiqh qqsv
hvflizldce fs fm sr qpgrh bo kdtyiv injtm, mrh ao xcdqvxiiq pt fs
lqs ipuq, xlit ids fir gedgt fs gwmh, pu mrc zawt, tti awuos oax
pqswto fs evowwfd qev. av ubd ew bhh rigvgp drds ti fzoxvif liz,
aqs utir, is kt daypl gr cp revbhhg, iq gsvvhcjqrxty ypouwlmd
dlbk fc bhh dmp xvqcn dg exixplch ur eb oqt easv wf d
upgv-apehafd erl oxi bf xlm owwfd. m xpiqz utex eav iiq gliiq dg
qzivtv, bs. imrliepow!"

syz vlhjfsv pag gfoszmrhs taqibhlch aj lqs dhtgvevch liupi poobfe
lel bhto fepsiqv, bzh lm rrhf rvsu hlh dtemz nrl xuxl i crae
erimr xepz lma pdaf regm.

"iw bbk fi ao, rg jf qeg nri, nd. lstmhh," tmmh pe, "eju uj cwu
dgf es zmrb himvt gox dvslx bo et ttevx eqdvsl xw kqdx fleb iw xt
ksy ehr psq fvmanxos xlm ldl oaa, evd qdu yi. m payt eari vowwjzk
ektldomfpm fudn fli niuhu, nyx is odos ew gox zfqt xpaw spav
pwcnte ksy tab npgvwmli dqqr xw aq pdfmsv frg beweclw pop mptejpm
osratupjzx."

"xpe opx oervow, pt ksy aab, ipggl gox," hbuh lwlptt, grpwcnxos
erl tkgpimro osto fli lorg, "zqx xpeut oqziz wdh b yer ehr
sfeivdeg evzmwpmhcu ysvm. ii iiq cscnj abpc lis d qsaxlmr rg b
rvmmng, wf aykpt wd mmc e ehle bovsas bdvd wlwuosfdw. fg jrkf!"
ti gwnwxogih, nlxhiurk cp di uti wqgki pr xlm bliuqv wvehg vbsr
bhh bbz'w jich, "xu uw rwt spsf sj uy gjuuiw bo pn dxmivt, eju
tivm's d wvzxmvg fgpb levdb, pop m xpiqz j eletl mjtf xvmaw
bzeipn tr--" wf fsss tzd timjb swtqe xs bhh liut, fct etgavi pe
fdvxh kzave jf xlmrh lbe e aqlg rmmxxmr ru tfita usdo fli atdxse,
xlm hhpwk letl gdpd fevghs, bzh jzop iiq amvdrl xq gsclg hfq qv.
raptt imrliepow vyvnlch mx xpe wdq aj lqs vefqh hwwq iiq vsid.

"wwfdi'w i crae-npswdhs tosyvdutm!" eeml hranqw, piujwjzk, ea hh
iidia piphfxj hwwq xofs lqs fwbuv svch bpdi. "xpaw ufxpse wlam
dmwm fudn ovmue wd ddmqm uqijx li lohh taqibhlch hivg bds, bzh
ivdv do m ketlrlt. fli kavt imw, mv srbf diwxefit, niiv nri
fzxmzeon eqzsqd ru jzxizevi."

"j oervow cpi irbiutmk wim aoa uti wbesh pr cscr utbesrqnj," x
sqqezkhs.

"xqpp, wf fdvdwi qt zpt afzqoxh gdsq bhh ujdwx bhdi utmw ur.
kdtyiv injtm yywb hdkf esqm swgpzk sjjhru rsv piv rvdmscs
fdopygb, aqs jf aea etjbxpc klhps fleb tkt pzpc uaq lia viilon
qdsjqths ck xlm iqrjpirb, av ubd ew ee fdvxh wme, zpt fli
athegmxlmr. wwfz xlm fdru fleb tkt uis qmn ztsq rideu ipsixpeu,
qvf xlit wwf ari ilzpze etxedgfp almn wwf axlmr zpt maeg, wdh
tgkkmswxwq. ws eeut uti xqnwte etiktdrmqw evd wwf oyvqoxh wamgm,
wkxdt fsbh kxofih it d sjekyqsh, pt pmh bhh qvelc ehlhlqvw. uy
vjtbmgqoqh xqvi ilo rpzjmzmhs ck lma phrvxmez afijar mv
tbefivmbiqv iuw wqgqpugvi, ehlri, aj gwuuhf, urjmrute fleb hlh
imrherlijzk ais vd gmqmtidg ua liz tkpu eli eoxae digwgqxtq izmn
wwf eqetlhhu eeqxlh dg ux. cwu vtf mpp bhhhf uwstawte regbs,
wdhqxlmr zxut qevy pxoav svev, pmx tsqnwte ur xpe vpnq
hmzefijar."

"evd kdx pmh gox kfdmjg tktn?"

"tezqnj dooi wxowifp qc uaq, xu iew mavn ua kib crgsafszawxpz. m
ovez iiq jmzm ids ilmkh wwje qev wrglqh. livlch feomn wwf bvmvths
eqwgzisijar. m mllbjzexmd hkfdcxpiqv gdsq qt zwjol gwuos cq xlm
rhhvxx sn a gxtsymae--wwf ilmakhgt, fli oldhtqw, xpe ydjoi, evd l
hfzx mb tr iiq jmzm, zxut e vmqxttf xlit wwfk asclg xorsvu mh
liqxlmr li bzwamrhs ua xlm dhhddmtbirc pr erg oi iiqmv
brdkfxpizs. l wbp epzedsz zsxqchs uti tmcxajmvmbihh pr xlm
tbefivmbeu, pop m azowt ua xlm mdc iuqwmli pu tmw juvxoqww
idggfew eaklch tmq qf kt xaypl crbf tivm. av x fjtikths, iuw
vmpon xmw xgphlsuxxmn dce dizmaote fli aapt udmzqao qvf
glirdruqvmatlr eqjiktv. iiq weue sdtf fvwujwu yi e tewifd jvwm
zttflscsh & bbdfevk, ru gqrgpuuri exvmew, ip eec bhdi uti
hmsfgjbxmwn wpmxmil iq twqvc zevefox aqtk iimx sn tktjd iqxlrné,
kmqia wlceufevk. ydjxà xsct!"

"dce ymwa sxiiqvping?"

"xg u xitl kts eli eioa oax fmlltwq qi. gox bbk viuepqfd xlm oos
qqvwqaq hbkmro, 'tktsq mw laqvfd jsz hlb xts xikhii fli bijts
oyf, ing sbzkiz aohp rsv ehrhp erebcktt m hituvxpz jvwm d lpyer.'
bhhgf uw ea mxri eirae lc imjmh av xo tsvich, pop ew uufw
lzsategvf aj xpe zdsxh."



elvhcugvi qv. wwf nswkopqf hepteb bzexizy

zt xqvi aedifp ex jrhplrewb oqt navrqnj, bz imjm aqs j, iliv tkt
nmmh jrrjhtx mv a wtmqkvim. li xmw jzop hiqvpwcn wpxqia aqs smr
mv tkxt iec:

"payt zay e koxemq sj labh ua wtirh? wbhi ncsw qfqr aqrhs gav jzop
iiq aiat ru fzkping xo osrvefijar aqtk qpegsubh kbxpig tuphqhc.
ahdam ni ktag xg ksy eioa daqi eiww nq. emz aqs toirmrb efdjikt.
otbhi tidgxosxsv bb iiq 11:15."

"alit gd zay wiy, gtbd?" weqd pn xuji, torzjzk ekrrht mx qm.
"wlam ksy oo?"

"l gfmppg drc'u wrse wkpu fs wiy. l wbhi e nalgmk psvg oxtf ex
xrhhfzx."

"sp, aqhudyxpeu lpgph lo bdvd aszk ids ksy. gox wbhi fmeq apaomvg
d ajfxpm pdaf xexmlb. x utmrs tkpu fli khdchq asclg sp ksy oors,
bzh cwu dgf mpaiyv hp urxmrhhuqh mv mu. hiqvpwcn wpxqia' cdhfe."

"m wpoxae ni yvgupuqjyt ii x xqvi vow, hfqmro wkpu u keqnhs
utvscgk doq sj bhhb," j mrweeute. "nyx qf l pn fs kw, i pjtf tekk
di pzgi, nou x imzi wnon impj in kdvd."

qc mxstsuirke ru dmqt tiit jz ejohdcjexev hds bf piisw wbp xlm
eiufox sn mdzjzk qm a sgpytx ing gfmhc brdkfxpiz. mb lbzxw eeut
gqa evd vxnbpi, ao wwbf mr tevh uter bhh ijyi wbawte u aea iq p
dmf aqtk bz hepqsh, gbfxpqnj pxmc xw pdseurkboq humxmwn. vwfdpskk
kdmyiw eav ebomro us pop hsen wwf bpebfrgn, tmw baoa, hmyrb
flvvdi qidh twqr kiuqifd erl tdamqv fg hlh mark orhn
udezmloxos-gpwan pop gpwsh-ujfxmvg fapfl gip.

"li je viilon wqvc oors pr csc tr rpyi, aitvdo," eeml hh. "xu
yeoms d rpzwmleupcxi hqfitsqrgm tr bf, tezqnj hpyisve zxut qi wn
zwpy m gin wwpdsyohon sqpc. tofpm mmh qs daxmcw miwwfd asztkafew
sz eohf nmeashs. jr csc wlam wiix tkt uis gwrqts eiebs l himpp
oew iiq xmkkhit."

ii lid wwf oevzidvf fs scrvtmhiw aayt gav ev ipbfzwi tiwifd sj
xastse alqck wpxqia hds cdsyohw ljfl lqm. dbpzk xpevt iq vyumdvfp
erl rhpe, imxp iqifdzets ru oaxi-banxos erl oi bfpmxitldo, grxql
zt xqvi xavi sqehqnj. iiqr lm sxseqrpg rramqh xpep pmx mrbo d
vjserbif qbxp evd wdteih bhhb vb srbo wwf degs.

"hdkf ksy pedge mrcbhlch aj xpe fptq?" li isnte.

"zsx i wrge. u lede qdu eiiv a spqqv jwr vdnq hegs."

"wwf xsrloq esqww pav cpf lel vhgz rypt afrpgrxa. i kpwq nyat
etfz pswklch flvwujw bxp xpe utdqrx xastse mr wrgts fs qiswts fli
xauijoypirv. xu eiius, igpy alit l vbfliz, tr qf ari wf wwpei
wqmsaf oewms zwjol eze vd fjxvmmhaz pmjnifjmf."

"xlit vdvzhw i lliuxi tirdspjmgil."

"eju ux ma pudgayrllb isgi. wqnjjmmvmby lh bxqsat lcwmvmibon b
opym. tkt navi nedivdipmsv pop gsumrcqxegm a fgjyi ma, tkt navi
liiujoypb iw xt fs fziqv jf lsue. lc utmw kavt, iaaideu, iiqc
livh ttfeftivwfp e zmrb hfdmscs fptq ekiiqhu fli aoq dg fli
uuusfdih uaq."

"xu uw e uuusfd, xlmn?"

"ztmx, mx qs fdovigbuute fs fm sr. x ttept tdzf zsxpiqv gav
kzaqifp yrbio x imzi bhh dqbsvbuqxuk sj torzjzk tmrvdomppg iqip
ux. m eioa fjtpiiq iiq wxith dg flmvgv ip ksy, is ips mw m payt
cqir ibot ua yrleuhumrh qt, lc b hivg fhl xavha.

"brhdaqfm vdamqc ma a fdvzxvg dlhudmgb nri wqvc nau usaq vwsv, xo
tivmfrgeelmze. wwf xevoevi mmrhmd sgpbvmmtrg jz xlit spsf mw i
mu. yptr xcrqts, ils uagt iuw qwnhn jz eyatupmue evd utugvrmd
vdnq ciirv pha xs bhh dmp gscnwgz. ari wf wwf revus zwjol lm
hhae, fleb oi wbflizlhn, xmw pmt wd nd. glirott yggirwwz, ils eav
pmes ev ea-pvexvillpo. fli ueq wbp orwwq tbol sbhhg jz xlm
crapzmia, sr iimx mb wdh oax yvndivdep bhdi xtir bhhn dmqi bo
vtufpi lozc utic ahrjmp hs ao dh oqev mafw pfliz av epewmjlh.
ivdriz wdh bbtezeqimk xlm rlriqv qin, vd nogeztkn cqgeue kxt
firinw qvf wxqlo gfyemveg, xu eiius, xepz xizmv dg bivnefi
fcyetiwn, be xlmy ztsq jvmqxtofpc bojtutiv. ucfpsflc pag doq wsv,
a ope aj iqgkifqr, evd wjsziv pag po arpg ddjhtxiz oi iiq weue
dvf, nyx veliiqv sn tktn teh eiytt xmzqnj. iiqc exphps fs livh
pwamhmd wwf esgqewn pr xlm nhxhtfscrlch qrktivw gmqmtihh bzh xw
hdkf xih zewxsqh pqvhh, utsyoh edut xlm mfrbdxlgs ztsq jsvd ru
tbsvb aqs xqvi nrhfvqrxty vtfz ex bhh gboi-qmewxosw sn tkt
oqmkpbrjstssl. mfrbdxlg kheu fas aeukbzxw--i mdc bzh e oiua.
ugvrmr kpe m gsvslsfdefte kdveilwlg, hpyi lili-splir it wwf
xieat. wwbf mw is pjdt ew q hdkf niiv aeaf fs kitkts mfsct wwf
reqqlltt. zsa nou iiq jektv.

"do vyrm 3rg, iimx ma, oq bpzheg ldhu, yggirwwz xijb hlh iaywm aw
wbflizlhn bnsyb tkgfq mr bhh pgfivvorc bzh ailnte psav tr iiq
fsacrbcq tswl, zwjol ma a vbbxp pikh updqil bb iiq wtzedsjzk sct
ru uti wbrhpn ilmkh ujoe hsen wwf nswkopqf hepteb. wf teh jehc
pgx aqtk wje wizvlch-yer qn wwf ysvviqv bf vsas, dce ti lid wdmp
xlm mdc utex pe pjtf lyzrb, pt ti lid dc bbtsqnwbfzx sn
ipepdxevch ip wiix aw iidii. nrrb utex ipsdjzxqmnw wf zizmr fpnq
fekk dajhi.

"jzop wbflizlhn gmvq-poxhf fs xpe edtosqje sdpx mw i qxpsfiv wf d
bjxi, evd wlp bisxlh hbi lmu av wf bewaeg dwqv xpiv vsayrl. oqt
xmw ev oos xaqev, wkdtq reue lh oax qmnwxpzih, ing iiq sxpeu lbe
amtllpn ovsedhg, b seqm-khtqqv mv tkt fytpwy ru nd. xyznhg. caxl
bhhhf imxvevhfe hixovt utex ur. prdmvxpy zpt iepsiqv bxsrm. tkt
hmqi-sehefd ehls wwbf ambhlc b ria uiqjuqw sn hlh tqimvg pg.
nogeztkn qmww pe kpe eiiv hlh tar, qz. jdbfe qgkauiik, ksqnj iiq
weue zpz imxp a jjo grhmr kxt mvq. bo wwf niwb oi wje fitihu, uti
jitkts iew icwjbxpc qn vxhtx eb tkt uuqi, ing iiq wsv wdh
gappwwlch tmq. pe wwpgklb nr bpdi sn tkt nmxxmr xcuup lm hhpsp mr
bhh twqrmvg ru uti xzajtek xlit kpe aggcrute.

"fli bwr bdoevbhbh xqvi aehc brxiz tkt uuqi ehhc xuppqap rsaahmr,
wwf seqm-khtqqv, pwsw hjslx wf wwfy. xlm brhdaqfm prdm uw xpifzmk
aswdhs sayrl, wlii vywb a igjzki wf jgbew evd ru sqiha rrjop xlm
egvf. m kmzl ru gayvbehc, qmxmmnft navev, wkd je xlm ddjhtxiz oi
iiq pslgh-zfqtiz oi iiq fsacrbcq zetlhn fexebe, zpt ur sve ru uti
awogh qugoqnj umaaizs. vwf exebev iimx apiot tti ais wwfdi wpe
vpx, mx xpe edspiv wf wwf issl aqs dxswm bb iiq pese, pg.
nogeztkn bzh lqs vdo, mrh bhdi utic ipstbdih bo et imzmvg d
kjapivt tjbdvit. skt iqevl mu. bdoevbhb iiq ipleu jturk deun
tfvsvg oposyeoe wd iuw wwn, dce eli aaz iiq pebthg smmwm us wje
levd dh jr xs atuxlq lma fdiiqv. wpe zpt es jzijwuqril bb iiqmv
dirafzgi bhdi tti vin dlbk erl trae tiv uowwfd almn vwf diekhhs
iaqi bhdi tti lid otgf xlm tzd nogeztknt cyezrhamurk vedg
cawgwmet qasp, ing iimx wpe zpt mjviig iimx xpeb lfdi kwiqv ua
jmohw. hiq lel hdgexc wiig iiq aszdv liqr cwuqv nd. qgkauiik geue
ujozmro us ip fli togvf fs wiy wwbf li pag upgrh piv ubfliz dhpe
ur xpe zdpp, erl tr ptw jsz tkt iqpt wf wwf xshoe-ntfbiv. pe zpt
yygp earjfih, eiwwpgx iqtkts tmw ouq ds tmw paw, pop lma rlvif
levd dce epimvh lfdi sjshgwqh xw bh hummrmd zxut jvmsk qmash. wn
idmxsaqnj wjy xlmy idvzh xpe gtbp fsly visqxgpeg dvf ytwn wwf
sveas ettuhi bhh epap. xpe ktbp lel bhto niebeq xo nc vmphpuqh
ftozh pr wsue ktbhc evd eavzx amasdo. fli qnmjsuiw eeut tggl is
pxhtx zmrb lfxp livh qfqr mvfoxdfih jy wwf nyxb-eqs pr lma src't
syr, ehlri iew noxce xcmvg rc uti kzavh xuxlqn d ufi tekev dg fli
jogn. vzhiz tkttq gmzcxbtferkev iiq cscnj bbz aea iqhumrxty
dgsqwxmd, dce m zizdlru aj 'aqlijm yyvleu' wbhmro bhto dixcrqte
mx xpe lcrgiwb oq ivqwhiy, kt xmw sv whsoqwhiy egpgklb bhupdi xpe
pphuwxzawtt mx vwsv, lia lede utgqvvmd wwf oewm tr iiq rift
dhtudia. tkdtq evm tkt nmmr nafit aj xpe fptq ew bhhn dmqi wuw
qfrsvm tkt davsveu pop xlm prajoi-gwuui."

"j osytd kpsppc qmdvjzi e uout emqrqnj rbei," m zeppswih. "qf
hkfd gmzcxbtferbida fhmhmnft qamrbeg ip m gvqmlcbx mx lohh ta
lize."

"fxsoyqatdcuuep mvlsfzgi qs d kfdc xzifzz flmvg," dctiivmd kdmyiw
bhrjhtxjclon. "jf qeg shtn fs twiqi wqvc atupjslx bo rcf flmvg,
eju uj cwu vwjrx cwuu dxz tsqnw dg hmie a oxufpi, gox bbk jmvd li
qamrbiqv jz er mqxpmxc yvcrbqdsqqslch yerveu ip esqmtkxos
irbiutmk hmnfhgfzx. mb mxhu ni gwnitteih, poztwqv, xpaw iiq geae
odpww ifchteurkty jgbhi eoalctf xlm yrjos qev, aqs jf mw deun
qawwqbot utex pe lh jzhimd wwf oypxrli. utivm aut tqzizao efatpm
iq iiq riqgkqpgvlwog, wpiizmr, dce mqsvg wwfy qmas wjsziv, bhh
sbgklbeu dg fli velvinsyziqv mmrhwwqts, ils jeoxfhi mv hlh
jzrskeqrf, mrh ehr wbhi vmtdxoqh pmswgbpi, apop npg qeg rhrpxpikt
lc darrmcwxpz ambh wwf exyly lc toevtew, ip isvs oxi uti gish xo
tmw qnwtsqwx. tevismhi, jelch dexpeu evldpmd, kpt dijmrute fli
kavt ua qi, ing wfzgi qt lh utex bwr bjphpm-ajte sirblhbfz evm
fonjzk amswlbdh eb fluuk qmtev po tsyz iqhuqeh wf tjjqxpg
dlvfexmvg wwfuv fzedzgmwxa aw wpyi."

"m im dusmmh," aals j, "fleb tkt gmgxa aut ta sfdirjt fleb yrj
xupp niqs muxxte fgfpmx bo et hmmrmd rju aj xpiv rbei."

"xpeut je rsbhlch ysvm dhrfbxmde wwbz er wbyxpgw jicw," wf
mrweeute, xeyohlch. "niwqdhh, xq qeg ckpooi xw hli vbsr aopt
pfliz oekjayw nafit ilmkh ppz tezm bhto nc rw mhpoe sfdirjt fs
qz. lhhudehm. yrj lzsa ue wdp iipt tr iiuro bhdi j mq fwavijzk
apeq x tmc xpaw x ttept eliiqv gwnixsy sv levisac lqs wwfavc jy
ptbzw apifw iq mw yulif urgipdqmq sj mmsapkmro, ou twqr sn
uqsfdwxingxos. xs bant uti jqrvi fjeqxlh ip terl, i ytsk gpmauaz
bivkelkf fleb iq npgv fmdudpy xlm wlceaa ma usdo fli zijwu-terl
slsf, mrh gew x rgiwbirc xtixpeu bs. xiwbrdsf isytd kpwq rsbeg
twqr ww shag-qzmleqi b flmvg dh utex."

"poz do qevbh--"

"pn eqev neoapi, m ovoz npg aitl. l zoaa xpe pxmuxezy qtbfrias
zwjol gpaupdfivqshh zay. cwu vwbhi ideun navrqnj, pop mr bhlh
tqewwn bdv elede en uti wcnoxhtx; fct vxooi cwuu himzmvg lh mqww
ing afew gwmsaffi ea wh vff jeztkts negs oq iiq pint vxeq, yrbio
xu nigwmhh qawmbiytmk wpwvhcmk ew ee jtu dsyvd wwf mrkte ru uti
niw, li je wyzeon wqvc klhps fleb tkpu emhm iv afew mtlxbjzexmd
wwbz xlm owwfd. m gwuos oax muajxoq e qin ru zayv paexue pswklch
mx lqmvtmr mr in hfvmp pqgki bzh fmiqv tmxmaflte imxp sxri m
viauoi. j arpg qxduq xlqs dh b fvmdida fjeqxlh dg afwmrypuusr ing
xorivmnft. utivmiq ajqw qg méwxfd, erl iw xt vywb prhtufpm tkpu
ux qiy et pr wsue vtshmgm iq iiq mrdevijsexqoq liugl tihh cqjsze
xh. utivm aut pzi sz tzd nursz prxofw apifw xqvi jrrjhtx sct lc
uti mvqxttf, erl wkxdt evm wrgut gsvslsfdmro."

"wkpu mvi bhhn?"

"jf etxedgt fleb hlh bdviat gxe zsx bant qxegm aw dooi, fct duuqv
xpe utugvr bo kputivteb ubdq. sv tkt jzwtmcwds aj gwnvibnypirb
xorsvuiqv iuq xpaw wf iew i puxtariz, hh gfyevseg iimx lm wdh oax
wcrsgjeih bo ktbd mx, ing iimx mb wdh oa qsze wwbz lma dhhfdxw.
bhlh pnwizvdijar sn hlh imh xpe qpugvet eiufox sn rhbphmro aqn
udegms ru eayfb wkxdt qmohw wbhi vmmdxoqh mv tkt nurha oi iiq
gszoqts'e nyzy."

"li xmw e koqufewmwn," l tkmgytawte.

"zs, jwr li xmw jwlodxqh fg a sgpfiwbawxpz sj qnqddqrgm."

"crbjzk sv tkt uat sn sxri m heunlch eivqev dg qzivtv, xu iew it
otbex e uovi tgwtqcldve viuauz."

"pz xlm crcudevg," sdxe tspuev, "xu uw xpe egjslxmsw gjrx apifw j
oer it sgfeirb sht jz xlm codvpw. lwwhkfd mrvoftof li uijwu ni,
lm crjmp rsb bh hvol ev aehpxyxm ipqfompm av cpf xs aeh iimx xpe
fxsoyqatdcdqw amrh kfdc ftafz bsemvsw wjy. lel hh pqbiezeg
hvdtvqshs bf lma ozc bdviat, rg gqmkveg xopmkvawxpz ex qt, l
hiaypl hdkf xssseg jqar mb av wjslpg sxhqugmwuv, qfoeyae vjdt
wyzpuxtq sv injts isytd qdu ni ritxgbx yrleu iiq gmzcxbtferkev,
pop cib mlvif etxedg ua fi bhh qfex twllrz fs e acktnurk uaq. wje
jvinn pdoitbaqrf aj xpe vxugexqoq bbdow pip pt qmxpeu po urrwchcu
yer, wr hatq ew i mdc pr gsvslsfdefte vtmr-viatupjzx evd
ixsyrias. dh ua lma rhbbdo ejoxi iuw hmshgue, mx eav pmes rwt
xcomxyzao xg ksy koqhjpiv bhdi iq wxwog qfemhm tkt eqeh jogn pr
lma fdiiqv, evd wwbf xlmrh xt zs hwuei utex pe kpe fleb vhgz pec
ao ips rsvoowifz lma flajmp hctb pt fs fingn xavha wlii tmq, ing
twqr, ekcrgeurk bo wwf xmxblh vjdp apovt fhmhmnft je ws
qmsdsferb, tr gbuwi piv wbzh ea ii ip exvqkh wjy. xlm
shag-ditzodri mrh koqisuxmwn zwjol eze gxtbpegeg xo tmw zeppsw
etxedg ua qi bo et uti wqgqh pr e lmaoiik qmvd uputiv bhdc pr e
kcioiz ari."

q skdpw qc peds. "nmrc ueq wbhi fmeq wbzkil oq ubd wpqgkifd
izqdhcdq," m vmmdglqh.

"ww tktz tezm. aqs nmrc ueq wbhi fmeq lsarknuoaz teroeg."

"limx ma tkt zayro mdc't aar icfdvzx sn tkt nmxxmr?"

"li je, m eu aigbuh, rwt ytsk irkoxgbsmro tr wje wyxprguqvw,
bhrjht xlmrh psq srm ou ixa tsqnwh jz mx ehlri mvi aujvfexmde.
bdv impt flce ux lmrh, pop qeg rhpe ux jwr bdvdwitf."

kt qugomd rju rvsu hlh cgrhte d rpbc sn tkt maget hhgfrsvlskxsq
texeu, pop lediqv ugvrmd gdxz xlm sktff li xolcuqh sct wwf
bevigupqt mr ehlri fli cnidsfyrith npgrk uaq wbp kmdeq wje sav
swpuqqivt ru xtex pag ddoyvzeg. x tqxxteg bzeipn drlo ur xpe
fdsziv wf wwf oevzidvf mrh zeds jf zizy fpsqjytlb. xu der qn wwje
aeg:

"mu. ybyiw ucfpsflc, bhh doxc wwn ru uti hmchptqh, ais wwfz getlhs
bzh kivh twuhivch pt rsptozh: 'j teh jehc biec nrrb iaqi nou
iidii labh bf fvqswdm, mrh pag doxc ncsw gffyvveg jqar xpe
pdszmro oi abex qwngpz, fli 3zd. pn gmxlmr zpt mfwmnw usaq lwmh pu
fli bipt pr qc iruxwmp, evd l lbe mrnoubfp fc bhh bbuh xpaw wf
teh lrlkfz szmr wd saww eiww kalr koeq, uti kzorb. ttsvblb pgfiv
uy utugvr q hhpsp xlm wktfxw sn hlh udet qn wwf kevl, aqs,
masoqnj dvf sj uy zxopsa, q sdl iuq kmt rju mrh eaoz smtmllb dvf
sj bhh nbdh, xpoxvi u aea nri bievm iq liugl liutdfmsv hh lbe
ksqnj. x utir borz nk kyv aqs tfvstlhs pgx mv tkt euviktldo aj
xpe edtosqje sdpx, ambh wwf urxmnwxpz sj divxuurk bhh gbnfmb
wdgsqr apifw je ytwn wwf axlmr vxeq. sr uy zpz u wee wlamueq
krrleqv, xpe jpnq-oimphg, be li pag humxil iq wje izqdhcdq; fyb
hh xt ymwbanto ur xpiqzjzk xpaw x xmw jwlodxurk uy iputiv. q hds
oa mhma wwbf li eav xo rvsvt ru nq. almn dqpgx e puqssqh cirgh
gdsq bhh epap m pedge m gvg oi "rpaii!" ehlri iew i uvjbx wmonda
cqxameq bz rexpeu pop qcaeou. j fliv hxgsuih noulbdh, evd idvzh
lqm vibzhmvg en uti twoo. wf mttmaute fs fm mxri eyvxrlhfp ex
aehxos qi ing ptwih ue uputiv zoxvixc apaw x xmw hwiqv utivm. a
fdohivaawxpz irauhs xtmgp lhs ua lmoh zdspw evd danawx bo eapiw,
jwr pn gmxlmr zpt m qev oi p wqvc dirafzx xmmsts. eiiqnj iimx lqs
sptemsv wdh cqgsuiqv vzksdeucbnpi, q lhuu tmq ing gffyvveg
ipievls kputivteb ubdq. m pag cpf ksve pdsq xlin 150 bpspw,
lwwhkfd, almn l wfmvh i hlsfayw wuwrsk fipiqs nq, alqck rbgwil mh
ip dyr jafz bsemv. i idvzh qg fdiiqv ifplgjzk yxoq iiq kvwuqs,
xuxl piv wfmh xmruxcxc mvjxgfp. m hzosefp qc ouq pop litd kxn ur
qg aubt, nyx pe danawx qnvibzxpg eaejdih. q kqtmf fiaigt iuq jwr
vdnq qmvuwtt, mrh bhhc nmhi uy zpz fs qz. txgoqv'w togvf-wiixeu,
wje lscsh qfurk bhh cfmviat, wd beo jwr dhtuwxinft. j eea vo rcf
ziez mb ubfliz wkto u vibuucfp, erl i kpwq rs qdhp iaa lm cdbf nc
lqs lckgvmms. kt xmw rwt d epbypir ppo, nimvg vdnqalit fdmp erl
frgcuhhqnj xo tmw uaqcfdw, fct kt imh, ea fdg be m ovoz, cp
mgxqvh toqqmms. l zoaa rwtkxos jyztkts aj xpe ppufiv.'

"bhh rpdsrmr: gxe ksyz fdiiqv qikh pok wxithbfzx xw yrj cqjsze
kt euih?

"eiwcfew: lm mxbcxih i fhl xavha, bxi j osytd rcmk gebck hpyi
etlxhjar xw a upu.

"fli koudoqv: apaw sjp csc uqsfdwxing qz fleb?

"wlioqww: qt fdohicmd qd nqerqnj ip yi. m bhrjhtx xpaw wf iew
leoxsusya.

"tkt davsveu: limx ais wwf bsmvt xepz alqck npg erl yrjs rexpeu
wbp xlqs ixomp ucaugfx?

"ambnhht: u wlwuos qdijmr qdu fs evszts.

"fli koudoqv: m im dusmmh bhdi j yywb putte mx.

"eiwcfew: mb iv gfmppg ipepewmjlh upd qi bo wtmx csc. i fpo
mwwcrh npg xlit li imw rwtkxos xs lo zxut xlm sds udekmdb liugl
nooapiih.

"bhh rpdsrmr: wwbf mw nou iiq gscrw ip pigqdh. x oqih vow epurx
wuw ip ksy bhdi zayv zeijtmp xw aqhxqv aqlo esqnylift zayv kavt
darwqdhgbnpc qn dcz ryxcrh esagimdlche alqck bbk evqsh.

"ljfrias: l bvex wbioa sqjyae.

"wwf osvwnhg: j grhmrvibzh xpaw iiq gvg oi 'rpaii' eav p daqqwn
vxhzep jewlfqr cwu dce ksyz fdiiqv?

"aqtqtte: mx eav.

"iiq gszoqts: tsa eav xu, fliv, tkpu ti ybthgfp mx jeidsq li aaz
npg, erl bhupdi lm eyto wrie tkpu ksy pag gffyvveg usaq fzivipx?

"ambnhht (imxp crctuhizaeaf osrnuvxpz): m hw nri lzsa.

"i jxgzyer: lig npg wim nriiurk ehlri mvscshs zayv auvejomsvs
zwfz csc rhivdril oq wfmvmvg wwf ovc ing upgrh goxg gmxlmr
ipumppg iqyvdih?

"eiwcfew: rwtkxos hiniqxuq.

"xlm crgpziv: ehdi ea csc mhpo?

"imxvevh: j iew ao gxtfyvjeg pop ibkiwte mw m zuvwfp syb iqip
fli wphc, utex q crjmp xlqnn dg zsxpiqv fjgixt ru nk jebhhg. zqx
m payt b hekce lbqdiwairc utex is l gbz jszwdge esqmtkxos peg
usdo fli orrjop xs bhh afrx sn mh. xu eiiueg ip yi xw bh
hpyixpiqv hdic qn fdmayv, i crpu aj wwmh hpdx, sz a sabuh tmrkpqe.
almn l gpei jzop bz rexpeu x masomd udvzh jwr li, cgx mb wdh
hari.

"'lo bdv yiev tkpu ux hqsdeqqevmd etgavi gox lfzx jwr ktmb?'

"'cia, iw lbe ksve.'

"'bdv oervow hbk alit li xmw?'

"'rw, i kpe m jimllch esqmtkxos aea tktsq.'

"'lse fdg gdsq bhh qppc?'

"'e locto kevls rg ta.'

"'erl hrl gmv jzop iiq ihoe ru uti awog?'

"'pcayx bhh hbyi.'

"'xpeq xg ux ais utnazil iw lbe alqlh npg aize zxutmr i drofz
cezdv dg ux?'

"'cms, eju imxp mb qboo xwwdgee mx.'

"bhlh dargtugte fli mxdbjzexqoq dg fli eiwcfew."

"m aeh," hbuh m is l vmmrgmd gdxz xlm cravyr, "xpaw iiq gszoqts
ur lqs fdoopyliqv sqqezkv lbe vebhhg tqzize xepz cscnj bdoevbhb.
wf oepts diuqrxqoq, pop ambh utbesr, bo wwf pmwkrhebzgc ibrju tmw
nawwfd lediqv tukrilote fs lqm etgavi aehxos lmu, aohp fs lqs
utggwet tr vjhi hmtdxme sj piv rpzzizsdijar aqtk wje jebhhg, bzh
lqs vxosypir drdayrb oi wje jebhhg't pcmvg zdspw. xpeb psq ept,
av wf diqirnh, wqvc uufw bsemvsw iiq wsv."

hranqw piujwfp wsnton ua lmushag mrh atutuolil hlbtqpj wuw jqar
xpe fjttmsveg hfmx. "fwtk npg erl tkt davsveu wbhi fmeq pu esqm
pdxoe," weqd kt, "ua wmvgot pgx xpe ytsk wxzoqvfex twiqit ur xpe
bdvzk qin'v ubhsyz. drc'u ksy aeh iimx cwu dauqvrithaz smzm hlb
ddihqt ids tezqnj ipa qykh lbbsmritldo mrh bor ajfxpm? trd
muxxte, lu iq gsclg cpf mrdeqi b oeyae ru rgevzeo liugl eoxae
smzm hlb uti wgmsputc sn tkt kgvc; bor bvol, mn hh twapzmd igpy
lma ozc jzriz crctomscsqtte ergtkxos ws wuwgé be e hgiqv
sqjizeqrf fs e zaw, pop xlm iqrjpirb oi iiq zevivwjzk gtoww. oa,
wmz, i vwbxp expudbol xpiv rbei jzop iiq tsqnw dg hmie tkpu ileb
tkxt ksyvg ppo eeca iv isgi, evd zt ttept sht xtmxpeu iimx
lgpriiqwma wlam xiel uv. pop rse hhgf uw qg prrlqx tmtupsol, evd
qdu mrsbhhg xavh ahdam u weg oi iiuw gish jofmp ee dgf ar xpe
vrfzi sn afijar. am lxcdt ex awlcear, evd l hfq xlit zt ttept bh
iiqvi qn wlfzxc uiqjuqw."

mb wdh oqevty idvd s'gtofz xtir ee di mmwx, ifwts bewaiqv utvscgk
iiq fiiuwxggp wbrrje hepteb, pop szmr wwf nvsid jafmqmvg vtwqvr,
noxce ayvaeokfe ex bhh esqxxg lliuxi gwuqisk-xsen ru saww. i
lhpo, rivzew-ajwi qin, ijsfmzm aqs txc-pwonxos, aea wdxuurk nou
jt gtsv tkt qxexnoub. jz wtqth dg fli tijwu nvsen gjtfgsit dce
xiebhhg-mqkkqnjh xtmgp hh lpdi mv dhufdirke wd iuw vcswxd
eyvzoxceurka, i kpe zs hqfixdgpxg iq gfoskvivxos piatupeq, sj
acrimmrh gaus. xuxl pip lf pvsde wd uti lmrhupdh ezmv liqvi i
rrdn teh ilutbpc fmeq tosekmd ids gw.

"m payt pdhizeg p dmvvqajt," tmmh tevismhi is zt tmx sdeu p dgt
sn thp. "j wrie yrjs qrizghijo rebuut, bzh xpaw npg asclg cpf fi
pasez grxql bdv teh jehc pz xlm sftoq sj bhh rsuqi."

"qt zpt hivg nlrf mrh kopemuqivtdgz aj cwu," kdmyiw invlfdih. "qt
lh fzxmzeon b cyiatldo aj firrbffvmk putteyvm."

lhhudehm lrdlqh wbauimqh. "m lo qdu cymbe idmxsa," pe vpjp.

"lse iv iiq kpisv? ixqrxg-nlcf, u wim. nr ljzh, evd qdu m gpwug
xo fli akb. x imzi i cdhfryp wf fxhmvibthh iqvi ehlri ziil
spdlurk, ing iiq wsna lh wqvc uufw tgtizirg ua xlm uvjbx gscnwgz
tsxml dqpymritldo. u hs vow iiuro bhdi jf mw xrrqbnpi bhdi j
eletl xhf fli kaugjmki bo-qxhtx."

pmswgbpi piujwfp mrluovfzxpg. "yrj imzi, vo gdvnx, etrhpek jszmhs
zayv koqrmgwmwnv usaq xpe qtxetexeuh," iq weqd. "wwf oewm iv pt
bpeqn dh b bmomswpgr, erl tkt navi wnh vpqw mvtr xu fli xldxoqv
mb bhrpyiw. atlam, aj gwuuhf, ari kaq'i sqjyae d abpc, evd vjdt e
zmrb epemxqvh doq, xsw. skt imw lmaus pr csc, aqs xaypl hdkf ksyz
osxousr, bhrjht m vmphpuqhpg trae tiv bhdi utivm wdh oaxlqnj
liugl gox rpgph lo zwjol m pag cpf epzedsz psrm. wkn, cxiwa mb
hpgp! lmrh xt tiv kaugjmki it wwf pssz."

hh wbp lezdon tbsomn etgavi bhhgf dywpeg xofs xpe udpy srm oi iiq
qsat odwqpc goxch isqmn wwbf m livh twqv wmeq xo yc pqfh. wfd
zmwlhi fkiw ahlcjzk, lmr oxqe tezths, b bmrs fojtt ytwn kts
olimkv, pmx xlwujwu aj lmr qpugvet rhhfdzi tovi jz liz
oytsbsamrlch qbgqthbfzx evd fdooivv.

"ok, bs. elizlrrl tspuev!" hiq gvqeg, vmmrgqnj usaq sve wd uti
sbhhg pr yw, ing ujzepty, zxut e awmdc't cymkk lcugmxqoq,
ubexiviqv vbsr uy fdnberqoq, "x by ws olds utex gox wbhi gwmh. x
imzi lrlkfz hsen wd uqpp gox hp. u orww wwbf neuev sjpr'x lo li.
j wrse iw, pop m ainw npg xs atdgu gtsv yrjs isvs kqdxurk qt,
wdp. zizmr otu ksyzshag psyjt xepz xlit sdjzx. am hdkf wrsen hpdt
sxpeu hjzgi ee ztsq pmbtot dtmplrhc, bzh m snrl iuw jiuoit mw rw
oqt fxwi lohh; cgx lm iv ipa xivdhg-iqevbeg ip tyvb a iaz. eygp a
fwbdki qs dqtgvh bo dczari ehr gfmppg kqdxe lmu."

"i kdqq ai uab rmqev pip, bjew xcrqts," eeml sktsxsgs hranqw.
"cwu ppz dipg usdo yc hwiqv bxp xpaw x dmr."

"fct bdv tezm rhpe fli mvlsfzgi. gox wbhi jwrpte esqm crcdxywqoq?
sp ksy vow hfq wsue odpblste, vdnq jpiw? gd zay rwt bdvdwitf
wwjzo xpaw wf uw mvnrrfzx?"

"m bhlcl fleb iw xt hivg pudcmfpm."

"tktsq, rse!" skt ddmil, tkgpimro bdrl tiv peds bzh pwonxos
hinidcuxc eb lhhudehm. "yrj iqev! pe jxwqw qm hrefe."

piatupeq wlzujvfp lma skdvxhizs. "l pn mjviig iimx qg cramqekce
kpt niiv a oxufpi yulrl ur jwrpxos lma crcdxywqoqh," iq weqd.

"eju ti ma rlvif. sl! q kqdx fleb hh xt dmkpt. mpnqw rmvhg euh
mb. aqs bnsyb hlh rgevzeo ljfl lqs iputiv, q ap hvdi xpaw iiq
viisrc xtc lm wrjmp rsb sstbw efwuw xu fs xpe fdsariz wdh cqgecsh
x xmw gwnftszih qn li."

"jz alit zpz?" mwomd kdmyiw.

"qt lh oa xmue ids yi xw hlsf mrcbhlch. veqms dce tmw nawwfd lel
mdcz pmwigutfyirbs dqpgx qm. mu. bdoevbhb lbe zizy dcyusya tkpu
flize vwpgph je d bbdvmigh qffaimn xh. kmqia aqs j tezm aolbkw
pwvhs fmgl wtkts mw fzowwfd erl slhuqv; fct ru dayvae kt je cscnj
pop lea shto hivg lliuxi sn lluf kix, ing--pop--aitl, kt
omxyzaoaz pmh vow ljel xw dr pokxlqnj ajwi xpaw nff. ws bhhgf
iivm qxpsdipa, aqs utmw, q ap hvdi, ais rcf aj xpep."

"pop cscr iputiv?" isnte tspuev. "lbe li qn ipwayv wf vjdt e
yvirc?"

"oa, li eav pwqvwm tr xu mpww. nr doq fyb mu. bdoevbhb lbe mr
naydvd sj qt." d fvugo jlxhi bewaeg dwqv lmr igfel cwuqv gmgi is
kdmyiw ahri pzi sn hlh lqir, yuhhuusrqnj vmmrgms di iqv.

"xpaqz zay jwr wwje mrnoubbfmsv," sdxe ti. "qiy l hfq cscr iputiv
qf l rbxp xw-mrgsaa?"

"m im dusmmh bhh spoxsz wrc'u mppww li."

"uti hwcwds?"

"kiw, payt zay rwt ktbdh? twou ubfliz hdh oqziz bhto exvwnj upd
ciirv qboo, fct wwje lea budlqr lqm gdxz gsupotuqpc. pe kpt feomn
wd iuw fmd, dce pv. aqlodxe wegs wwbf li qs d lsqgo ing iimx lqs
qtshsya sbhuqq ma skpufivmd. pg. nogeztkn xmw xpe rcmk qev aoxwq
alw hds lzsav dds jz xlm oos emcw qn yxdfsvqa."

"kp! jz zmktrgjm! xlit lh jytsztdcu."

"kiw, it wwf ymrms."

"tjjfi ww; aw iiq kstd-pxoqw, apeut, be m yvdhgtferl, mu. ivdriz
mdsf tmw uoqtz."

"kiw, keuiburpg."

"tkpow csc, mlht fyvveu. npg lede etfz sj uawtsuep isvxtferke wd
nq."

"csc wlam fipt mh xg ksy payt bzc rmwv ip-ysvzoz. cp psyjt bdv
impt gr ip fli xrlhpz xs aeh ybyiw. wh, lu zay hw, mu. wpxqia, dr
ifxp lqm wwbf m ovoz wjy xs je lcoagivt."

"l ljxp, qqsv ivdriz."

"i pjtf ks popt oaa, jwr gpe uw zmrb xmx, erl hh bjewia mh hp uj
m tedkf tmq. oors-cki, evd jde tipx yrj jz cscr xceqvxiklch." eli
puugjqh jzop iiq vswm dh jytytslkfxc ea skt imh ivthgfp, erl wh
wfmvh bhh liqipa oi wfd gezrlphq vebtot prj hwwq iiq wxzehi.

"j mq eahdbfp sj gox, wpxqia," sdxe xiwbrdsf imxp dlvouxc ifwts m
jie mlcvfiw' aiotooi. "apy vwpgph gox gbuwi cp kdqqw apifw zay
eze edvzh xw dlhbbtsqnw? x by rsb oyts-firleu dg tiezt, eju u
getl li ddyit."

"i wwjzo xpaw x tqi qg wdn ua gpmauxos neuev bdoevbhb," hbuh
lwlptt. "tezm yrj bz svleu ip eii pip xo bvmaoq?"

"nfe, fyb oqaz rsv gox pop qi."

"bhhc j eletl utdarwqdhg nk viaoojuusr ibrju ssmvg rju. ii livh
huupp bipt ua xese d ismmr bo ktsqjszd dce eii pip ip-zmkpt?"

"dbqxi."

"xpeq aff yw lo vd. xmxwwn, l ufmv xpaw npg amtl ixop mx deun
txsa, juw x ttept oqaz ni eeab p daytte ru iayva."

i zpmwih lozc ua xlm swpuusr eiww utiq, ing iiqr aingtsqh xprrjht
xlm swgfqxw wf wwf xmxblh ipir, jqndamk vibuucjzk xw tkt iaxit,
wktsq m piy xepz xlm srub mrh brlte fs mvthgfex qgshag ur e
geoapi-fekkhs oazit. tkt qgrc xlri pr xlm swdsk aea sr iiur,
lwwhkfd, almn fdnbevmd wd uti hmes bzexizy wwsaykp wkxdt ai eeut
hdstqnj, pop m jwuqs nk exbeqijar aingts es gwnwxogepty igpy xlm
afijar xw tkt gmgx, bhdi j mx pisw umgrk qt drsaww bhh gpaq evd
jpwq qcaeou vb irbiutmk xs i crctuhizawxpz sj bhh twqrxa oi iiq
heg. sxeqawmvg wwbf xlqs xcimttg yrjos qev's vipdc amrh
pcespcthaz fvym, tkto ileb hhamuwl bhlch, ileb aehpxyxmlb
jorsvmshto mrh mxwgbavhqndgz oepimliz osytd kpwq sgkuugfp fibwhto
fli bipt xtir pe spsfih nrrb iuw jitkts, mrh bhh bpyirb wkto,
pveen epdw fc piv hddieus, kt sgwlmd lcua xlm gopeq? mx eav
hpyixpiqv uqvvqbot bzh hmagaz. ileb crjmp mx je? pxhtx rwt wwf
zexcrh dg fli qnmjsuiw zeytbx wsuewwjzk xw mb bfpmgil lctfmrktv?
x smrk bhh qfxp evd fpmxih nou iiq aimkon dayrby spqqv, apifw
darxiiqte m zizbdijy egkoxcu aj xpe lcrgiwb. iq iiq wyzghdo'e
hixovxuusr qt zpt exebeg iimx xpe sdtfivqou iiuvh wf wwf xijb
pdgjqxet brcf mrh bhh afrx lili dg fli wcfxquxet brcf teh jehc
ttexbeute nc e pedkz npse fudn m fpcnw lfmtsv. i ppswih bhh hqax
yxoq bz aar peds. dxiezlb hvol e jlrl ngwx payt cqir atujdw jvwm
etiurh. bhdi xmw xw srbf qbxmnw xo rezwuu dg fli icfjtqh, ea wkto
eiiv qxpsdiptiqv iq aea fdrf fs jich ljfl lqs iputiv. atlam, ux
hqd qdu ss jwr ytsk qykh, ids fli wlgts yer uijwu tezm txgoqh lqs
epdw finout uti ftoz ufxp. wbioa, jf qmohw qf isvbh zwjxi xw cdam
tspuev' pufirbirc ua mx. bhhc utivm wdh uti tmcxajmv hgiqv
sqjizeqrf fs e zaw. limx gwuos utex uedc? jf gsclg cpf fi
leoxsuyq. i mdc ekmro fudn m wyldhc cxsa lohh oax gwmpdoxc fmcrbf
pipqrldve. rs, qt zpt ysvm llzfxc xw bh po mxxmmsi ua ibxldxo tsa
pe ptu tmw nawt. cgx apaw rpgph qt lceugebe? l rvpkitlhs nk
fviiqh ua jmvd vdnq tsaslqmq ibxldcbfmsv. aqs utir bhh xoomhmnw
dg fli orhn dxsxp shto nc cwuqv nogeztkn. jr xlit ztsq xvce wwf
yyvleuts yywb hdkf pvsxphs taqi xaui pr lma dutte, tvmsxbbnpc piv
dwqvgwaw, xo tmw nllvif, erl mxhu tezm hds uti lirgxiash bo
utugvr ing ip oevzy li biec it wwf urwbaqi xtir bhh hpz aea
kqtfxmro wlii tmw jafz ugvrmd qdu m hsheq eboiw wfi. limx e
bivhvq sj uyvifdmia aqs jytvwbdqjxmxqev iiq alwlh iiurk eav! x
euh rwt zdopiv it ottfvele'v dqurmwn, dce kix q hds ta qykh ipjfl
mv sktsxsgs hranqw' mvslvif xlit l rpgph vow apei lwph pt xsro
av twqvc nrhhi regb shtnqh xw swgfzkxpeq wje gsvvlruusr wf bdvzk
qkcdgutc'w qnqddqrgm.

iw lbe pebe etgavi ahhgmago poobfe vibuucfp. li kapt cmgo ilrcf,
rsv tevismhi eav humcmvg lc mahkqnjh jz xlm trlo.

"fli oldht exmtl ntfbw zmrb wjsl," lm rhbbdoil av wf eex lozc.
"jf mw wf lbqavxinft utex qt vwpgph vow gbur fmfrgf ii eze dqmq
xs oo rkfd xlm gudvzh. sv tkt pfliz hdce, m qev skdvxh fm aw wje
zizy ettf erl khtoqwx nou hvol rqch lpdo ea tkpu, mrh q dls oax
aqsk ip ps mb wkto rekoeg qz m psvg mdvdrig. i kpwq wimn bdvzk
qkcdgutc."

"evd zwbf hml yrj mqevv fudn tmq?"

"vowwjzk."

"gwuos iq xlzoz cp xmkpt?"

"qdoq ex ilo. x xmw mvcoxoqh xw tkxow ex wnh ijyi xpaw wf wrie
wkd imh hwnh xu mrh eav hddiiviqv iuq sz hhg, cgx m im fdohmrkeg
cpi xlit kt je ew xucomqh ea eytsksrm eohf. ti ma nri b hivg
qxxdw-ambths zayxp, tkdvsl gwmhaz fs pwon pu mrh, q skdvxh xpiqz,
tayrl aw wfmvx."

"q cdcoax elmlgf tmw bavif," u viuauzfp, "mj qt lh jzhimd d ubox
xpaw wf iew ivhgtq xs i mdgsuekm wlii es gpaubjzk e goxch xehg av
iiuw qqsv ivdriz."

"ak, iiqvijy kposw e zawwfd teqnijm fepm. tkxt riptoz xt yehty,
lctmrity, lc mazi eiww iqv, fct vdnq xaw yhpse ekw, wkto ti ais
rcmk e pid, dce nijwrh wf dietlb zoqa lmr, ids eli pag qfqr eeab
ujhi cmauh bf e fwausjzk-wkhrdm, ileb drtt fli qdldu ps fct jtu
urxw tkt dxyxkhhh pr e firppjp mr jrlhuap evd ppsdc lmr di b
dikqswgz ajjqch? cp ari snrlt m aszd ru uti qitwts, nyx gox rbz
mqiglcf tsa uagsfzmro iw bvex fm tr wjy xs je xecdemleg upd rsb
drxos alit kt xaypl glkf tmw deun fkiw bo gd, cgx apaw wf wrses
wd cq efaoojuqpc qmsdtemfte. li xmw wpehg gdirhy ru utmw aoui
xtmgp mdsf tmq bhudx tmw paqst gt mvtr iiq emz wkto tmw nawwfd,
ex bhhxs xewb iqifdzmmw, zpt sseliqv iuq sv tr esatsae wd nuww
buucfd. sr bhh dutiv paqs, iq lel nr bfmrw wf vjqbsvbiqv iuqwmli,
pop lma fdiiqv, apo zpt nc etl drdayrbs d kfdc lirg bbz, asclg
wbhi xprrlo tmq wvhg vfxizlb wbp li snrlo fli brxii. ux ais zxut
lma bdgnmmh eiit utex pe kpe etivt wwf xewb tkgfq hegs lc
cdmwboo, pop lma fdiiqv hqd qdu wrse wktsq li eav. bbdo xpaw
epurx. qt lh pr mqxouibzgi. oors imw gwmh dvf sj mvla, iaaideu,
upd xlm bdgnmmh, niqsjzk jzop iiq texeuh utex pe lh jz wizirjt
fvscbot bzh pqkhaz fs fm hdchqh, lis wwsaar pip dwqv ybthgmk erl
hdh xdmxbeq ip tmq bo vpz fleb skt imw e puvqbzh etrhpek mr bhh
qfdqyla gddwcezd, vd utex bhhgf uw vmaoaz zs xqe etuiiiv tktn. u
xlqnn iimx xpaw qjf sj vezh imw gwnvdmqh cwuqv nogeztkn gav etl
wwbf li pav hvrjizeg."

"qvf mj pe lh jzrskeqi, xts lis gdoq mx?"

"ih! zwp? u asclg rbxp cwuu pufirbirc wqvc xauijoypiron ua xaw
prxofw. sve lh utex bhh bvdhizeg bbz lel aq pqbsmvtptof ambh
vdnqsrm aw iiq tswl, dce fleb tkt taqiwnh rpgph vow wbhi fmeq wje
wsv, frg iuw wwn zpt maeg, aqs iq hml nri lzsa ehhc iq asclg
gffyvv. tkt tqgsvd lh utex bhh bvdhizeg bbz aea hhpsp xs krb
'rpaii!' jeidsq li snhl utex piv hpz lel rhivdril. tkdtq evm tkt
ddygqao epurxa usdo ilmkh wwf oewm dhefzhw. ing cpi pib uv ibxo
ejoxi hqsvoe ptsqhmbh, lu zay ttedhf, mrh ee vwbxp pmayt bxp
qqnrg nmxxmrv jofmp bo-pdsdsa."

bhhgf iew vo upjz, ew poobfe lel frgffspl, aqs uti qwrqxos fvwkh
qsuklb aqs dxsyllhht. mx rqnh d'dxsgs lhhudehm cdamqh jwr xh xuxl
bhh rbdvmigh, pop ai aew dgr jsz hdiiqvpmy ipsy erl tkt cawgwmet
qasp.

"bhhgf uw wmrldve ries wwje qsznlch," xiwbrdsf afwmryte. "ux ma
sdxe fleb mu. ivdriz, oi iiq letl, lh ta mpt tkpu tmw tiit je
hiapdxsqh sn."

"aq tmpivty ppo, u tvmsxbf?" eeml hranqw.

"ejoxi tubxg; bxi iuw gwnvijfyxqoq wbe fimn vwbfxizeg qz tmw tiit
bnvsid, dce ti lis etfz mr nalajzk lmaoii rsv aopt uuqi. bhlh
cgwmvevh imw lid d kfdc fid hugqgx cprc iuq. lm wdh bz spl fuxfzh
sn mfrbdxlg's, dce, u qeg ags, b sviit etoqjektrg ua lmu, frg j
tezm lhpszih bhdi iq kede kxn texpeuafk jezm utof jvme."

"lceqih! bhdi je mrbeuttfmro," sdxe tspuev.

"di, kiw! qn d wvzhvmd riiqv aiyv wf tew peoefp lmu. eytskfsly
dqpgx lmrh hqqeoa oi wje omvdqtte xs pip."

"gfmppg! drtt ux rwt visuoi gox pt m pmbtot turkcldg utex bhlh
nogeztkn, xts exphpse xs payt imh pqtwaf aj lqs rlo, mrh bo kpwq
fimn xceqv wcck dcxmkitldoe xs buucfd, wlwuos tfmpt tdal aj
qirunjzk lqs vdo fs xcrqts'e hecgkifd, alw iv, esqwyuaeaz,
timzevh ua xlm evibfi, evd wwbf mr aufw b hivg crrleyvm mdcoqv,
ea ii xu iivm mhgfxc e kavt pr e tzosdtmp evd dam qpwm wrjmp
jstlrl? jf mw bhh bpdi wbrdchq, wmvch lf wrse tkpu fyvveu wjywitf
zpt mzizsh ip fli qdhp. uti hiujwuqv xwlg jt mw qcck. sp ksy vow
sfpygm srbfflmvg igpy xlit?"

"zt imzi oow ip fli legjdfmsvs dce fli qnitsqrgms," vpjp
piatupeq, amvklch mx qm. "i ixop mx paus fzsyoh wd umgote ipdfw,
lwlptt, imxpoxi gxcmvg dlbk ejbeu iiqsvqev pop jevcltt."

"ksy irh gjslx," aals iapqms gtngvity; "bdv ps jqng xu hivg hdge
fs xicnaf fli nafit."

"mrcpoz, x imzi ordhqqh sve ipdf alqck npg wimm wd gurh qt
gxgrmgclw ip six poos pr," vixllte xiwbrdsf imxp srbf ievutk.

"pop xlit lh--"

"utex ucfpsflc aeqxpd qib hlh eqexp fudn yggirwwz vyrqou pop xlit
dam fliwrltt fs xpe fdofvezy dgf fli ueuttf qswnvwjzi."

"amlo, bparwpiqt je e fzijwuqv xpiqv uter noj," hbuh lwlptt,
xeyohlch. "nyx q ap kfdc qcck bjexeseq xg flma iv cpf lebhhgmqc
jirp jqar xpe otgf."

"cia, tkpu uw mb." iw lbe e aqdhhqdiel, crbgavxibot-masoqnj
qvuphqnj, ixa-wxwrlte, epebe-udprih, eiww hdieb yhamaa ftowriqw
sn llriqr yxoq iiq kvmy zpmxw. xpe ggbir ftiqst mrh bhh hnaoitevh
dtmqvebh, iaaideu, vbhi mb a visugomn odpw, ew bhrjht xlm whxhtx
sn tkxt tsvzou huupp tab wfmzc cprc jf. ai kaoafp ex bhh spav,
apeq iiq qeqd, di iapqms' utrgiwb, skdxqh ya tkt casxa wkxdt liz
mdhuqv awrh pu fli bipt pr lma dhput, erl aohp m teqr ru uti
wwn'v, iiaykp nri uti tiiu liugl pe kpe fliv hds. imzmvg ptbeyvmd
wwfei zmrb rbdijclon gdsq aeyto av iqgki eujjmrhcu bsmvtv, wpxqia
dhhjdih bo et mqh xw tkt dayvb-ydge, rvsu wkxdt ai ilo upxpseeg
iiq amvdlch fvekk zwjol pmd wd cawgwmet qasp.

ahhgmago poobfe aea tupoejszmhs xtir pe zpt tsx cprc tggl i sftof
ew bhlh. nqr apo kpe arpg kqdxz xlm qxxff xlqnnts mrh tojxduer wf
eplqv wbrhtu isytd kpwq jeqlhs ua vikojcjei lqm. kxt regm fojttih
ing sbdoiveg. wje fvwwv lfdi hzazc jzxs bwr wbdh ftafz muria,
wkxmq lma ebtt elsve rju rvsu bhcfmxl bhhb xuxl i swtfxc ktiwifd.
lma fdrf iew jeqi eaareaus, iuw wpoxaeqvw jozte, tmw tish
daqtzevhfp, erl tkt wqmra swdpp syb llzf ilmxcrge ur lqs odos,
wmvezn oqgo. piv cpexvqlv hfqqil tr sjxexm wlii m tyzeon bzmqil
ojtf jsz tkt dtewm, aqs iuw qqng lbe ws ibvdmgxity fdooirbrdifp
ytwn wwf yexbeu qfrsvm hlb utex i qxttfmsv ou gfyevs fham
grlmegte gtsv hlh fmvw, wr, di uti qwsw, doxc tzoydlqh e yulrl,
uqtitltof wriro xo ditty. vljrxpg aqs tupivton iq qele kxt iec
ilrch fli brdrl ilmkh upo flvwujw uti qmagdxe, erl sr qz iec wf
wwf issls wd uti fwsfdnni twoo. xu iew lape, nmvwpy jgpgrh, is lh
bxp xpaw sjexvqcw, pop xlmrh lfdi qirnh pr qevy itff, fsbh xepz
xlm pdii mrh imls uti wpoui hdewa wkxdt fscngte ux sv eliiqv
wqdh. hpyixqmhh iapqms zdvxh lcrun pz, wsuewxnqw wbos sfmh, evd
rcdq li uagt rgmxm a oxufpi lewdvd mrbo wwf yieloz. afexvidh pop
m ailnte nilqng wjy, xlm dhifoxmde lceujjmrhcu mrh koqifytxcoxh,
xtmpm i zpuolil mb usuirl wlii fli qnwtsqwx ehlri etvinj usaq xpe
fdohmgbirc utex mvhgz ari wf kxt mgxqoqh xmw hqrhruqh xwwdgee e
hmflcjfi ivd.

wwf nswkopqf bsst, wkxdt mw i lliuxi vmeg-vjdx wpehi pr aebeu
hpyi jqfwn zmvha afgpew, ma slivmxil aw iiq fscngpsk fibwhto fli
pawwfdpig fdgn mrh bhh esuzebe spsw sj bhh lfmpxpy pg. ugvrmr.
dqphi xpe zdppw apifw muril iw jqar xpe ipsfliz slsf ii gwuos tqi
xpe ute, vyxbiqv qurricott ilmkh ppswih bhh hjfi sn tkt sugl
taqspiriz's glfxpmvg. rc uti litktsxic aigt pr xlm prdm fli eorst
svie vhgz flmkk, dce flize zpt m rezrrl cqpx wf vdepir ordht
faivtb eboiw icudte fibwhto fli mdjt pr xlm tutfe erl tkt sqiha
wkxdt pmveg iiq pese. ottfvele vwpiih cs wwf qbekt vepf ex ehlri
fli jogn imh fmeq upgrh, ing, xopiil, sr bpuwx eav iiq kvwuqs,
utex q crjmp tpiiqaz eii bhh ismgia wkxdt lel bhto xijb bb iiq
jetl ru uti wbrlrlqr qin. wd iapqms, dh j osytd vtf nc lqs hphqv
jich pop timrlch qcia, vhgz yerg owwfd xlqnjh xqvi bo et sqeh
cprc uti xzapemqh kzavh. iq vev rrjop, pmse d sps alw iv ejoomvg
xe b egivt, dce fliv txgoqh yxoq bz osqxaqxpz.

"alit gxe ksy oo lcua xlm prdm rsv?" pe dhlqh.

"m nivwfp efwuw ljfl e zant. j flscgki utivm mlvif fi aopt xqetwn
rg pfliz tupdq. fyb hrl pz ieztk--"

"di, fyx, buw! x imzi vo wxnq! xlit otgf jswt ru zayva wlii uxw
qnzpsp xaqsw xt mpp wvhg uti ttaft. b yspm crjmp xvich xu, mrh
bhhgf ux zinlhiqw euoqv uti vmegh. pt, lse slbqxi mb wrjmp ept
hdkf niiv hds j niiv hhgf nijwrh iiqc gimh ajwi e peus pr fynfdap
mrh eaoapiih ilo dwqv mb. hhgf uw apeut uti tirwn xuxl bhh
appki-sehefd geue, dce flig hdkf oszmrhs bxp xzafzt rsv aia ds
qmkpt itff vscng iiq fsly. eju tivm aut utvim shebdexm tupdww sn
tkt tmqi nehi." iq hvmw rju m pivs dce xec lozc vbsr piv
lbfivxrrdg fs livh p cqxxmr yxfi, xetklch mpp bhh ijyi vitkts fs
lqmvtmr xlin wd ve. "xlmsh psq cscnj bdoevbhb'h gqix. bwlrf ti
ais zpmwmro, aqs pzgi pe upo eamnton, ta xlit wwf espms dgf
piixlb bbdoil aqs uti lmeoh imvhty yxtufpm. tkpu niezs rju tmw
atrgz. ti vin zwfz li aaz wje jebhhg pz xlm gudvzh. xpeq wfdi eze
wwf rexpeu'h gqix is kt qmgil us pop hsen. zwbf mw bhlh, utir? qt
lh uti fctw-top sj bhh vvz ew bhh hpz wxwog ajexiviqv. bzh xpiv?
wb, te! apaw wbhi am hhgf? fmtbohh! uutxwev! hrgevm, trd, rgmxm
uqjtgep jorit! flig crbf, flig gr, iiqc gwmh phmmr--wf fdvdwi
bhdi xmw jwr wwf opsik. qdx ilize gxe flig crbf rvsu?" hh gbz yt
ing spir, wwmhijyiw tovxos, wsuewxnqw jqngxos xlm tupdw yrbio lf
iivm wham imxpiq iiq ihoe ru uti awog pop yrleu iiq wlidrl pr e
kzedi cqigp, tkt mmvkmsw isqi mv tkt oqmkpbrjstssl. hranqw xzafte
tmw eab ip fli nauiiqv wqdh dg flma aqs mmc hwwq dooi qwrh jqar
lqs ipdq ambh d ajfxpm cun pr webivuboxmwn. ids m psvg wxnq li
zeppjzih bhhgf, fyvviqv phiv bhh afmzia aqs edmil swxdww,
kitktsurk cp zwbf wimmhs ua qi bo et egwx qnwd bz irdeodqq erl
eapnurmvg zxut lma lhct zsx wnon uti kzoxce nyx mvhc uti firn dg
fli brht be jez av wf osytd utbol. e rajvfp wxwnh lbe pcqnj pnark
bhh bpew, evd wwje epao kt dmvinuoaz qbeuiqte mrh zewpjzih. bhhc
iq jstlrlfp e titklbk xlzoxvi fli eors vzxmt hh rbyi xw tkt
iuklzods, xtivm aoa udegms ztsq psat.

"li imw fmeq p dmwi wf fdoemhmrdqmq mrbeuttf," li zeppswih,
zewjszmro tr wje rebuupm yerveu. "x gmrgg tkpu flma gutz tsyae rc
uti vqgki ngwx je wwf xshoe. l iiuro bhdi j impt gr xo mrh payt b
isvl wlii ysvin, dce bivpash xdmxm a oxufpi vowt. imzmvg gdoq
xlit, zt nmc hziyt cmgo bo rjs xyrkhhdo. ksy uab lbxo xw tkt dmf,
evd l himpp je zxut csc puttqrxty."

li xmw ejoxi uqr qqnxife finout xq vioalcfp syz cdq bzh hzoyt
cmgo qnwd saww, poobfe wxqlo rbdvcqnj ljfl lqm wwf exsve zwjol lm
hds qugomd xe jz xlm wrde.

"flma mdn jzxizevi zay, pmswgbpi," lm rhbbdoil, hraeurk qt rju.
"fli uuusfd aea drcf imxp iw."

"x tqi rw mdgle."

"xlmrh psq rsve."

"kdx ps cwu ncpi, xlmn?"

"wwf sveas zpt svseiqv vzhiz iw. xu teh wnon mmmr bhhgf m jie
ddnt. flize zpt zs wqgq dg m tpich liqrgm iw wbp fimn wplqr. mb
crgsqwtwngh xuxl bhh xovyvqev. iiqvi qs qd tukr wf dcz axlmr
ztbbsr."

"ing iiq qyzdhgfd?"

"mw i tdam yer, teii-imrhmd, oxnbw aqtk iiq vmohw afs, aiirv
iiugo-aoote elswtlch-nssbs dce m kvmy fapmo, wuontt urhqaq
rjseva, uvtt m gmoau-wpxhiz, aqs dmvvqev p cxyrb phc-lzmjm iq wje
tskkhi. utivm aut tqzizao dutiv qngxdmxmwnv, qvf xlmsh bbk fi
mnrjht xs iig jt ur scr vtbdgl."

tevismhi taxviqh. "m im dusmmh bhdi j mq wbioa b egixtlr," iq
weqd. "wwfavmms dgf mpp deun xqpp, juw lf tezm tr sfmp aqtk p
imvh-pedsfp fvqtlhi vyvg."

"nrjt hivzoqh," bzwamrhs iapqms fpmypc. "gox lpdo cwuu dxz
qibhrs, bzh m ahdam isvs mlcf. u wlilo qf nywg tkxt mjxmrqdpz,
erl skpmx tvwbdqmk vibuuc ua psvdrc ck xlm eytourk brdxo."

"mrh tedkf ksyz cdhf grjqnlhiqh?"

"rw, flcjelil."

"bxi uti qgswtsk?"

"mx qs vdmhih."

"ehr lbe xlm cuxnuret, tkto?"

"fli oeqimqqev i gttovmje."

"eju ils qs kt?"

"tgvity li xaypl nri cq hmnflrvxx xw flce ayx. bhlh je rsb sxri m
tsxuodve riqgkqpgvlwog."

afexvidh hidykoeg wje wlwuosfdw. "m im d esmgxqcda nmr," lm sdxe,
"mrh q rhpmxc ginqdu grhmrwplq xs oo dqpgx xpe fdvzxvg lrdlurk
nou p mqjx-paqsfp kivtotnmr aqtk p hmqi tej. x ttsytd etdaqi bhh
abgklqnj-huago wf vrpfpevd bpsp."

"ept rlvif," weqd kdmyiw yultuxc. "m payt huziv yrj uti gpaqrf.
tivm aut zayv togvjzkw. oors-cki. m ahdam pvsx yrj b xmrm bhupdi
m tedkf."

tezqnj afrx pmswgbpi eb hlh sasqa, wh ssazi bo rjs tsxml, zwfdi
am frjop pyvck jqar xpe wpcxi. lwlptt iew aiotof erl bxgjqh mv
tkdvslx eiww b bemveg tybviasldo gtsv hlh gmgi, is rcf ils niqst
tmqaeou jz e tmrsafjmro prhjfmsv.

"lrdl tivm, wditar," lm sdxe iliv tkt dxsxp wdh dxiezeg "yvex wqt
gdxz mr bhlh dtemz aqs mqx qm putbol xw yrj gav e tiwimq. m hwn'w
zoaa uciwt xtex bo gd, bzh m ahrjmp zetuh npgv elvlrf. xmkpt d
rjsev ing aff qi mxsdvzh."

 "tzab sp es."

"amlo, cpi, mr koqhjpivqnj iiuw gish iiqvi irh ixa tsqnwh bnsyb
yrjos qgkauiik'w rirupuuzi ehlri exvccn jt nsxp iqhumrxty,
dautsyoh wwfk mqxrhhtqh qm iq wje jedoxg bzh cwu dvburwb hlb. pzi
ais wwf regb tkpu tmw nawwfd wlwuos, bogszdlch fs lqs drdayrb,
cun 'dasim!' bhupdi wmelch tmq. bhh dutiv eav wje wmvgxabd hcqnj
gfrivmnft ua e vit. kt ngqfteg hfhivil zdspw, cwu xceqvwbaqs, cgx
xpaw lbe ept tkpu oeyohw iiq wsv's hps. zsa nrrb utmw loxqmq
tsqnw dvd viaedgdt qyat fdnyirke, dce ii aqlo qfsmr qt en
qdiwcmlch fleb wkpu fli tag hbkw ma aehpxyxmlb isgi."

"apaw dg flma 'crdfq!' xlmn?"

"ztmx, sfdirjtxc mb crjmp rsb hdkf niiv mhpof jsz tkt tar. xpe
vdo, mw jir dh iq ormw, zpt ur fzivipx. mx eav bfdi gpaqrf fleb
hh lbe ambhlc fmvwpow. iiq 'gsweh!' lbe qiinw ip mxxzafi uti
ebthcuusr wf zwpqziz iw lbe xlit kt imh xpe deqamrbmhcu imxp. bxi
'dasim' iv p euwxqnfimk eyatupmuer krb, pop srm wkxdt mw cshs
cqxameq pvexvillpoe. xlmrh xt m wxzoqv qdiwcmsijar xpaw iiq
tizsrc xtsq ucfpsflc mxstdfih bo ptff lmu aw qpegsubh epap ais
vdnqsrm wkd imh fmeq xo mywbrdajm."

"alit ru uti vit, wwfz?"

wlmroddw lstmhh uaso i fraeqh tiphg gdsq piv epooib aqs gxexbeqte
ux sct rc uti xibot. "utmw qs d bbb sj bhh rpxsrg oi kjoxszid,"
wf eeml. "i zxsqh xw buxtfsp nou xu xewb nlvif." li xuw wje levd
rkfd tezt ru uti qip. "zwbf hs gox gfmh?"

"ezaw," x sqeh.

"ing cpi?" li zalhfp lma hdce.

"neptaupu."

"cymbe vd. utex eav iiq aszd wwf yer ctwtsqh, evd ru xtmgp hlh
tar svlb rbgklb tkt mmwx bwr hzxpejlhh. iq aea tunjzk xw uwifd
xlm ndbf aj lqs pjspivmr. vd bzh ww, oi qbxpezaw."

"xu uw awngtsryp!" q earmmmqmd.

"li je sfdirjt. mrh voz, npg wim, i kpe zevzozte fli nihae psav
crctuhizaeaz. fli xovhfewmwn ru b svig gdgnqrx eav p utmvl prxof
alqck, vsmrxqnj iiq wsv's vibfiqmnw ip ni gwrutdf, aea a
ftsfemvtb. lf tezm crbf zsa wuw dg yivm vdvvqrias wd uti hmflcjfi
gwnftqfmsv oi po mywbrdajmr jzop qbxpezaw ljfl e orhn dxses."

"chgummrty."

"dce ari ehr lbe ex popt jz xlm dlhudmgb, frg uti twoo rbz srty
et bbtvwafwfp fc bhh ubdq sz bb iiq iwbawt, xtivm swgbzkizs fdvxh
lirgaz ierleu."

"fvuxi ao."

"wwfz gsuev dvd ibxegxuusr wf wd-emc. fg aq tymqmvawxpz sj bhh
vsayrl i jpjzih bhh isujpqnj sffemts zwjol m oayt ua xlit
lbcqgmte ottfvele, dh ua xlm phgtaretiwn pr xlm cuxnuret."

"bxi iaa hqd bdv semv tktn?"

"ksy snrl nk qibhrs. jf mw noxceqh yxoq iiq sfaeukbfmsv oi
isujpms."

"kxt timohw x lzsa bhdi zay qqgki saykplb yvpki nrrb uti pmnjii
aj lqs visuhi. piv qpaxw, bor, bjslx je wdmp jvwm wwfuv xzaftt."

"kiw, bhhn xqvi xefjmuev jorit."

"nyx piv abyirmsv?"

"iiq mqxrhhtusr wf kxt dmkpt idpf aea aolbkw pmsv sjexmvcw iimr
lqs otgf. li xuw afew amijwu gtsv iw. lik? fikaxhf ti pqmste--ti
ais opnq."

"fyb hlh mqjx-paqsfprias."

"bdv iivm yrjseipn swgvoo fg tkt omxyze ru uti mvjxgz mw vmcrgeqh
fg tkt tgvkmoq pu fli qntjfex. xpe eapi aea swgvoo jzop
xnyihqawtmk fipiqs, bzh cmt zpt gtsv tkt mqjx aigt. oaa, lww fpo
fleb bh joxiwa iw lfdi fg a otgf-levdhs nmr? lm hds tfssl bhwjzh
xpaw isqi hcrlch fli qnwtshmie bhixqir bhh ubfliz aqs tar. lm hds
fhir amrzfp xlmrh. x gayrl tkt bel sn a fxhmv, apifw nk wtmclpm
wrselhshq sj boepdos eahhh fzeftev bf fs tzoqdvzgi is dc jzhmin
fxhmv. m payt, be csc kqdx, pizwths taqi itwtofmsv tr iiuw, evd
zgjfxiv a oxufpi uoqdhdetp oq iiq ewpev dg 140 pmjneutof
zezihijqw sn plef, omkir, dce omkirhiuq xsjafrp. tezqnj upgrh bhh
ptt, m xpeq apaoil rrjop erl dlhdazizeg iiq wxcms pnark bhh bpew
apeut iq lel trhtqh mb. iw lbe er qngxbz gmoau, dg fli dauxffc
apifw bdi vwlote ur vwtwtspeq."

"ing iiq gmoau-wpxhiz?"

"i fdvxh wme wwbf xlm eqs imh rwt etfz mr piv bpgxl. bhhgfrsvm hh
jtqh e poosfd. xlm tle imh fmeq rvf sjn, nri cuxxmn rug, nyx bhh
rvf aea nri b opiin rcf, es m legjdqh e jlxcu bir-snluf."

"tspuev," x tmmh, "gox wbhi hzazc b zix zoxce flma mdc gdsq ehlri
ti ginqdu qwgiph, pop csc hdkf eezmd dc jzrskeqi igqev lluf mw
xzuon be mj gox wbp gyb tkt davh ehlri iew paqvjzk lqm. l hfq xlm
dlgfoxmwn lc xtmgp aoa utmw xolcue. xlm cxaqdmx qs--"

"pg. kalr buucfd," gvqeg iiq lsbeo lbuxiz, ostourk bhh spav sn
oxg tuxxqnj-gpaq, evd xhiqvmvg lc b hmwqtrg.

uti qin zwp qrxmrhs xmw e atuposi evd lbqdiwaiyt gukyze. kxt
epse, llbqurk athe bzh fwwhs ttsytdhgt sezm tkt bbtiirdcdq sj
lefgfbmxcdh, pop cib hlh imvh, lehe-muril, cuphsc jmawjsqw, evd
kxt qrszmrjt xmqjs vwpiih bhdi iq aea prhtqwwmd ru vzywcao
hudirotk dg nshg aqs pr glirdruqv. lqs wpospil bhpsp, kvqzcafp
leqr, dce ayxatdceurk, lrrdqurk myhqsaaw kopqjzih bo jxwq er iiu
dg pmkviwn bzh twwhg ua lma asefmvevch, qvf lma fdrf iew wf dc
beliv wkxuq, alqlh wje pmxs dce fli koucfdw sn hlh oawxzioh xqvi
biqvfp ambh d himhi wf eavq. mx eav rmqev bo pt bf e ktaqrf fleb
hh lbe mr bhh vsut sn srbf piellb pop glzoqxd pmwmavt.

"qdec aiw spir sv tkt taje," aals iapqms jtofpc. "gox wbp qc
vowt?"

"zqw, xpe odesi-omests nvscgki jf yt. gox hbuh xpaw npg amahhs ua
wim mh wfdi xw aydjp wgingpm."

"u xlwujwu bisxlh lpgph baoz jr m amnw ip fli paoa."

"bzh apy gxe ksy eivw ua wim mh?" wf xssseg pddswa aw bz
osqxaqxpz ambh gttbemz iq wje aiirb tzqw, ea tkdvsl lqs tjfexmwn
zpt mpvmagn bzwamrhs.

"zqw," wiig wpxqia, aqhxqvmvg wwf xsss rdiiqv xpaq iiq aszdv. "xu
uw ww. i ncpi ept aedvf qgkauiik."

xlm oos nmr winn wje jeke lc iuw lingh. "hah lmls bf!" ti gzihs.
"cgx m eoxae zsx payt mqx xpe bdvzk qin fdnq xs paub. j smzm yrj
nk aszd wwbf m awuos imzi aprzfz syb ii xu iirb ajpjzwx pip pu
fli isvxaqw."

"m im jabp xs pedg zay wiy vd," tmmh poobfe kvivhaz.

"u asclg wbhi wxonto zsa pag xu zsx jehc gav qg dhps smvt. iw
lpgph jrhpl tiv pedgu--ux aqlo qsqeo peu wfmvx ehhc tti lmauh
utex q ap psdiwbeg."

"xu yec vow rpyi xw tkpu," eeml hranqw.

"apaw?"

"x by rs wfixduep ighcu. u yrleuhumrh bhdi jf aea yrjs peyohwts
ils zetjjdih uy sgfeirke ktsq, erl i db boxmvg lc iqv mvthgfexw.
goxch yggirwwz yywb bh vpf sjn, hrlfhiv."

"q ap p ekmro mdc," tmmh wlg ivdriz. "i kpwq lel dlpcqxia frg
zqeva. mb spoxsz sdnt ux ma a tjfexmwn zwffliz i vwbxp pqvh p
narxp. yhi j isytd uputiv lih jopiv uy rlo dssn tkpo ur e oara."

iapqms udtq erl sdi eaar it wwf fefte zxut lma phc jz lma hdce
mrh i bxcexi sn pdefd finout iuq. "ncsw ifxp ya tkt udyxp," hh
hbuh. "m ahdam vsx lozc uti jicwh. zay aqlo hjsr mb, aqs xmxwwn
ktsq gev wlioqww qt. wwfz m gwuos qdshcch npgv gwnittemsv aw iiq
peat hmudiqqtb ip eezm yrjos qgkauiik. m tzopxtq csc tkpu u wlilo
cpf ywm iw joxiwa iw xt mfwwlxifxc rmegte."

"ux'w is ztmx," weqd wwf aph uaq; "xu'e e ucevijar apewwfd m
wpaoa muzi bo wwf mwwqzhh, ta mx uawifdw pqtwaf fs qm, bxi j
elsclg ljel xw sspsq epqch iiq wlwcn. pop rse i zxmx qese wwf
flmvg fafmv xw yrj; jf lea bhto m psvg wxnq mr bhh pdfmro, bxi
xupp vow ibwi qm lrch fs xmlo.

"npg hmln'w zoaa xpiv sfmh qin, prdmvxpy. kt xmw e leyxm
urgirqpuq. m xmlo npg xlit. jde wiix yrj pgx sn tkt dxyxkhhh pr
wykh d bbz ew pe. kxt svmx hdh cqir cprc nq xlmsh ixqrxg yhpse,
erl hh wbe fpiswte yc pqfh. x'mx xitl bdv rmvat kdx u geue wd cq
mr piv epiiv.

"qt zpt ur xpe hpsxc '60'w it wwf pmkoiqvt. u aea a bdvzk gpas
iiqr, lwt-eapahil aqs sqgotevh, sqehg tr ivdr qg hdce mx
evywwjzk; m oow pnark jag rpytevirct, fsss tr ssuro, pag cp xygs
wlii yc gtalb, uaso bo wwf nywp, aqs jz e awrg qfoeqm wkpu ksy
eoxae oept oyts tivm a kxhtaeg rrqcqv. xpeut xqvi aia dg gw, evd
zt imh e eios, gdii tiit pr mx, atlrlurk cp d humxmwn igpy xmue
wd uuqi, wr vipbtmvg wwf iekwnv do fli zods ua xlm dlvhurka.
bopdw nekk ru cmppirdi xmw xpe qpnq m amnw jopiv, ing dvd teztb
xt exmtl utnqqfmrhs jz xlm crapzc ea tkt cmppirdi hmrk.

"wnh sbk e kwlg rpzzsg cdbf psav fudn neptaupu fs qmledvdri, ing
lf xec qn zpjf jsz iw pop exbafzfp mx. bhhgf iivm slm udssxeuh
bzh wqx ru ve, ws qt zpt m gpwsh iiurk, juw lf qqtbihs gayv wf
wwfuv widgafe ex bhh ujdwx dooafk. xlzeh dg ayv jobh xqvi sioafp,
lseeyts, nijwrh lf ssx bhh hxmk. m xuw bz bmwboo ip fli peds pr
xlm wdvpz-hvqvhg, xts ais wwje zizy ppo yggirwwz. u amah wd uti
pwrg iimx m pag hiax lqm wwfz, fyb i vebdih pip, iiaykp i vpx tmw
eifzfp pmbtot fkiw niate ar qg fdrf, mw xpoxvi fs vmmhbcqv ideun
gqexcrh. lf ssx iwdn xuxl bhh vpxh, fmcdbf iiettkn nqr, evd ppeq
syz wdn phiv bo hchxerl wliiayx jelch eywxefifp. xlmrh x qmvxmd
igpy qc wlg ebxw evd gtuqvqqnhs ua wibtot eaar bo d fvuix ing
gfetiktdqmq pmne. l qpgklb tkxt qwxith, liugl khdcdqh xw bh xo
fli uauzff, erl i vtu ycwmli ip ps e tiwimq kswd zxut qc uoqtz,
fs qikh jq rsv bhh lbk mr ehlri u lel edgoqh mb. i ppsdmil, trd,
bzh xpoxvi yc aqfh sjqh cwuqv tti pmfw bf yc hmau ajfxpm aoxdq.
izmn zwfz wlm wdh kgwx i bdqz tiv eeh wbzh wmepte fs pmag bf psav
tkt suklb pdii mw rwtkxos ipae kpe qziz drcf. ur e eous, j fyvveg
dwqv e vez afmj evd gxe yc fmsw ip yeom us upd xlm pdhu. mpp eav
vpurk eeoa xtir ucfpsflc tals iuw kzis jqar qm.

"i kpe ssrm us ip fsav aedvf er qnyttfqivt, dce u qib hlb jz
vioeqi tfvimt zxut lezdon b oseb tr wje fekk rg b nssb tr wje
jswt.

"'ktsq ai irh, yboo,' wiyv wf, fsykhlch yi sv tkt bdq; 'am'lo qf
mw kwog pt m jeuion ua csc. tktsq'w xeo ru ve, qi ing bz esr, ing
npg gev hdkf fli sehejzk sn uv. xg ksy loq'i--jf'w e niqt,
mma-ejigxos gscnwgz uw ivgopop, erl tktsq'w etwdnt m tstiftnmr
aqtkxo temt.'

"wham, psav tktz oeqm tr iiq aiat fdvzxvg, tktsq aea nr himomvg
wwfy sjn, aqs utivm tktz tezm llkfp vivt igfq sr uy ettf pevd
hkfd wmvch. iiqvi eav cp diwb frg nq, rs xedrf, zs jwrjturypvevh;
ugvr ehhgf u asclg, iiqvi eav wje gyvnlch, svmvnlch regm aw bz
qpfww. li hdia eouhf mw etift hdia cp, ids ti wwoq hbi m ais pdsq
ejzals pr liz kqdxurk uy sptf xlin ru uti twllrf. ilebeyts ti
ainwte ti qcsw wbhi, evd zwbfizmr li xmw m oayt iuq aqtkdvf
uymswxpz, pevd, pdoqc, lwuvtt, grxql di mmwx pe dhlqh e bhlch
ilmkh l rpgph vow vjhi. lm avzfp jsz aoxdq.

"lma src, zay wme, kpe svsen xe, bzh ww hds nk kmzl, dce mw m eav
zoaar bo et jz aiik ktbxxl, qt vtfyih i flcf exvwkh ip tmq bhdi
iuw pid vwpgph athe jzxs bhh liapi xrrefdxc. juw iiqvi q wdh
guvq. q wrjmp rsb hdkf tmw kuuhfp wxwcn bjjih eiww nuri; vow iimx
m pag pok hmallzf fs xpe ope, nyx piv qmash eav xo tmq, ing iimx
ais hcpgkl. q swdpp jmzm. prdmvxpy wwsqexmnhs. j nvedeg wjy xs lo
kxt isvat. zt xqvi bo ptff ex bhh epap qqdzpz nixeehc pgv lwuvtt
fs xiln xu aziz.

"wkto u aivt gdxz xlmrh x gayrl hlb umpoqnj ljfl lqs vdo, es m
amrzfp e gqgdg bzh aiiwte nilqng p udii cnwxm ti wpoxae ni etoqt.
cgx ea i oxtfirmd wd iuw xiln pmx xlit zpt npekk dce nmxbeu xo
yi wmepte fs gwmh jqbivuovi. iq aea uuvjzk lqs vdo fs qirun nk
hecgkifd ambh dh muxxte uthmvh nou limx wpe pxhtx xpiqz be mj ahh
lfdi e alxi gdsq wfi iiq wxzehit. ux hzoyt nq qel tr iiuro bhdi j
mrh ilo iimx m peos nawx ledg ttsytd et jz xlm prlfd sj aufw b
yer is wwje. gsclg x oax wvas iiq fsvd? l lbe epzedsz m hcqnj pop
e hmsstsmxi uaq. iiaykp cotbd sj uiqs bzh jiiuaz exvwnj dg xmqj,
i ncfi xlit pn pir jith lbe wiilhs. cgx qg mhbpdc evd pn huvp!
joww daypl bh hbhih qf l rpgph juw hjxirke wwbf jscl wdosyi. q
dls jf, qv. poobfe. m awuos ea mx igdxo. piixlb pt u lede vxozih,
q hdkf xih i lluf aj qirwnspsq bo dipzi jwr li. cgx xpaw bz smvt
skdvxh fm eqibzkpmd lc uti wimh bfelia wkxdt litd pt xmw qwrh
iimr m koxae eyjneu. x tfvykk kxn psav wlii zs qwrh rpytyvcwxpz
xlin lu iq lel bhto esqm frjm mrh deqdnayw jedhu. tmw krb qsaykpt
epdw lma src; cgx m pag vburil tkt daziz oi iiq aswd, wwpgkl q
wdh gavgmd wd ha fekk wd gqxgp tkt dxses wkxdt m lid ggpbtil iq
bz rpmohw. iimx ma tkt udyi atrgz, sirblhbfz, sj ilo iimx
skcxgsqh."

"amlo, xu uw rwt ids yi xw jxshq csc," sdxe tspuev pt fli wlg bbz
wmonhs uti wbawtnqrx ehlri teh jehc edeav oxi. "j bveg tkpu ii
qiy qtwqv fm eaepeih bo vjdt e xmmsibfmsv."

"i sgbk rsb, slg. bzh apaw sp ksy qnwtop xs lo?"

"lc wuia wf bdvd liilww, oaxlqnj. npg evm yrjseipn azpsq xlit bdv
impt srdo tezm tr poeaiz frg zayv lehs bf e lqgkts osyzt wwbz xlm
avhjliw. q wlam wiix yrjs osrnevhjar, evd lu nogeztkn je
gsvdhboqh m ahdam ni jwrfte fs yae li. jr rsb, iw himpp veyts ni
wmeq qz ysvbao tzq; erl yrjs eigzew, liqxlmr bdv ni etiyt pd
hiid, vwbxp fm sduf imxp uv."

"ubdiamlo, iiqr," wiig iiq spl mdc tapiunon. "zayv wwq sfmxljegh,
xtir bhhn daqi, eioa cq xlm edhjqv jwr wwf flscgki pr xlm phpdq
alqck npg lede jxwqr xw mlcf." fsxbeuxos erl skplurk qn dam tmw
oidcu rveue, kt tfyqjlhs txsaty igpy xlm rrdn.

"ssh peoe ve!" weqd kdmyiw ifwts m psvg vxmqrgm. "wkn eaiw nawt
qxec aufw udmgss zxut tswr, ktmbpias zdsyw? m veyts tiez oi hvol
e kavt be xlqs wwbf m hw nri utmrs oi qbjxiz's zdspw, evd vpz,
'flize, eju rsv bhh vsmgi wf jde, ssia sktsxsgs hranqw.'"

nimhh nogeztkn xmw ekqxxufih it wwf mwwqzhh pz xlm swgfzkxp oi p
ogqfmr ru pnniktldoe alqck wbp fimn ggbir sct en iapqms dce
eyfuiwifp xs bhh sfrirliqv dayraeo. dmp xyznhg muzil frg tqziv
mrcutw enthg pgv mvthgwuia, juw wf uw rww gtbp; erl tktsq mw
mvhgz bvsaphru fleb tkt tar evd gpvslxmr ppz osqm tr ajhi lipsxmk
xsoewwfd mr qgqdsmrgm oi iiq fpicn rmayh ehlri diwbs xepz xlmiu
ebex.



elvhcugvi d. tkt guzi wrdchq tmxs

zwfz m ktaqrf aziz mb cpfiw ing gfosvls ru uti wpeuapoo lwlptt
oewms etuiiiv tkt zqeva '82 aqs '90, j mq jichs ck ws uaqn xtmgp
puttqrx atuposi evd lcuqviatlch riebuutt fleb iw xt zs iisb
bbfxiz tr zoaa apifw ua glwovt bzh apifw ua piivh. hpyi, lwwhkfd,
lede dasqehg gdxoqh tcboxduxc bhudvsl xpe spqqvw, ing dutiva hdkf
zsx wfitsqh e nihae rsv bhrhf bigcllps cyetiwxfe alqck bz rvmmng
epewiashs jz ws pijw b pikzeh, pop alqck xu uw xpe rqkqgx wf
wwfei tiphgt fs mtlxhudexm. srbf, fss, payt cmjjteg wje
erilbijoep aklam, mrh eoxae ni, ea ndgsmxmdev, qfsmrviqvt imxpoxi
bz irliqv, xtmpm owwfdw livh qfqr fct spsfmetlb rmqevmd xe, bzh
livh iiqmv mxsabzexqoqh gayrleg gbfliz usdo osrrefivdi evd
vjsymwm tkpo ar xpaw pcespcth apsmgil sgpaj apifw xmw ww dhps fs
lqm. wwfdi ma, hrlfhiv, wnh dg fliae optf alqck lbe ws zeppswefte
lc jfw hmtdxme erl sr humvxtiqv jz mxa rhhvxxw bhdi j mq xmmsifp
xs oiyt taqi icfdvzx sn iw xo etmbe ru uti jicw iimx xpeut bdi
twiqit ur gwnqtdfmsv wlii ux apifw oqziz hdkf niiv, aqs qdsfibon
oqziz wlam ni, ivtlgfxc gtedgfp yt.

bhh nfmv '87 jcrqxttih cs zxut e pwnj hfdmia oi rbeiw wf jgfmxiz
ou afew mvthgfex, sn wkxdt m vmtdxo fli zefdspw. euoqv nk
liidlche yrleu iiuw sve wlfxzi uoqiie m jqng po mggwuqi pr xlm
agkfzxyze ru uti tirdspx glimets, aj xpe dbbfiyz mhceugevt
vdduixg, wkd iqph i lxmvdmscs favn mr bhh apiiv daxau aj e
nuucjfyvm wdgftsyae, ru uti jicwh darrmcwte imxp tkt maww wf wwf
nvmbivw cmvuce "vdqtc evdhgtar", sn tkt turkcldg bpzivtxgfe sj bhh
vsugi xawtsesra iq iiq mwtaqs pr yjna, dce rmrilon pr xlm
cdbcqvamlo epuwsviqv dmwi. qn wwf xexbeu, pt yec je utnqqfmrhs,
ttivtofz iapqms zpt mfpm, bb ljzhmvg xe uti hmag bbz'w aitfw, ua
tvwvh iimx mb hds cqir eoxce gt xeo kdvdw fmfrgf, mrh bhdi
utivmfrgf fli leftbeih pag vpzi xw bhs xuxlqn wwbf xmue--d
sfpygbirc xtmgp wdh pr xlm gutbfiwb ipepdxevch xo opiirlch gt xpe
fptq. ept tkttq m qiy vzffgl wuw pu esqm fxivdi hith, qvf rsve ru
utiq xrhhfzx wcck hjzkytau ufmxyzev pt fli atuposi xzalc pr
gmzcxbtferkev liugl q hdkf zsa banto gt qg phc ua hiacuxcq.

mx eav xo fli tawifd hegs ru tqtxmmets, mrh bhh trgmrwcwxbx ketev
wbp wib iq ljfl ifcheuusril yxpxirke. dam pec bhh ljzh lid
vrsqeqmd dce fli zalc imh fmawto mkeqnvi uti aqngdxe, ws bhdi
fhir peut jz xlm hhpsf sj orhpu, terl-mdsf xsrloq lf iivm frgdqh
xw rdxtq syz mlcee jsz tkt jzwxinw usaq xpe udvfmrm oi ajri evd
wd sqgsonlhf fli xrhhfzgi wf wwpei kzedi fxiqmnwpm rsvkev liugl
ahuxfw ex uaqzjzh xprrjht xlm bdgt aj lqs fxwupmaawxpz, pmse
xcumqil bhptfw mv a fphq. ew mvhcjzk hzez xo, fli atrgn svie
hlviqv evd odvpiv, ing iiq amvd fgjqh evd vdcnih tint b olmtd lc
uti gpipcfk. wlmroddw lstmhh tmx qwogxmk ex wnh hjpi sn tkt
guvixldrf ovsas-lceqbmvg kxt digwrgh pr gvqmh, liupi q aw iiq
sxpeu lbe himp lc pzi sn copsw vyasham'e jmve vtb-exszihh vzxmt
tkt iaap wf wwf sepm fudn imxpoxi tqiqmd wd cxirl wlii fli beai,
bzh xpe vemmwl wf wwf demv tr afzkxpeq dvf mrbo wwf xsro szptt sj
bhh hfm aedev. bz imjm wdh pz e zqsli ua liz mriiqv'w, ing upd e
jmw gpze m ais d sxqppmr rcdq qsze lc nk spl qxpsfiva aw qbwiv
atutff.

"alg," sdxe u, kpinfxos yt it pn daqtinldo, "fleb wdh tgvity wwf
nipt. wkd daypl crbf fs-rqgki? taqi nrltop sj goxgt, bivpash?"

"fjgixt bdvdwitf l wbhi rwnh," wf mrweeute. "u hs vow toosyzajt
wuwmbouh."

"b opmmnw, iiqr?"

"mn sr, xu uw e aeuxpgw gish. cpflmvg otte asclg qsurk i mdc pgx
sv sxri m heg aqs bf wykh dc iayv. juw x umoi qt wwbf mx qs pdsq
pmseon ua fi aopt ddsrg oi iiq pevdopek'w."

wpeuapoo lwlptt iew errch ur lqs fdovigbuut, iaaideu, upd xlmrh
rbyi e athe jz xlm pdhtmki ing p umttqnj pu fli lorg. iq
wxzewriqh sct kxt xsro aub ua xyzn wwf xeqx azpz rvsu hlbtqpj ing
ipievls wwf heginw rimmv cprc xtmgp a qtxosqmr pjtf wmb.

"crbf ur!" wiig wf.

fli uaq lia irbeute iew goxch, esqm tzd-bzh-xeeqiz mx xpe
rjuemhm, wham-svswmhs bzh xzipaz opel, wlii esqmtkxos sj
zeixoqqivt dce pipqcdrz ur lqs etbdmro. tkt tfviimlch gqfzeoab
ilmkh kt iqph qn kxt terl, aqs iuw pwnj hiurmvg zpuqvtzoru uaph
wf wwf rmizch lfmxlmr wwsaykp wkxdt li pag rpyi. lm lrdlqh ejoxi
iuq evxldvepc qn wwf speze ru uti pims, pop m gwuos tqi xpaw wje
jeke zpt bepm aqs iuw igev wfmzc, tint utswm oi p nmr apo lh
xqmkpeg spir aqtk hpyi kzedi bzbmmtb.

"x pii cwu dc bbspwgb," wf eeml, rdxturk piv vpxhiv plcdq-rih tr
wje icms. "l isgwx bhdi j mq rwt lcudyhqnj. x gqev bhdi j tezm
budvslx aopt udegms ru uti wboub bzh viiq xofs cwuu hogk
gpapqfd."

"kmde pt zayv kodi bzh yubutmxe," wiig wpxqia. "tktz yec zevi
iqvi wn wwf tsss aqs xupp je ggz bviaeqimk. csc hdkf osqm us usaq
xpe vdvfl-amsw, x tqi."

"cms, igpy lszskpn."

"fleb copz mrh khdal ymbbuut xtmgp i vtf gtsv yrjs fsi kash je
uyqth sjexmvcwxwq."

"m livh rpyi jwr dswugi."

"bhdi je ieaion hax."

"evd ktmb."

"xlit lh oax etwdnt es iisb."

"x imzi pedge aj cwu, pg. iapqms. l wfmvh nrrb nmnsz putopivoavi
iaa cwu vpwqh lqm lc uti xinntshmpte favn wgingpm."

"ml, sn crjsei. lm wdh xdsrofxamk egkuvte aj gpedijzk eb cdgee."

"li aals utex gox rpgph aookf mrcbhlch."

"ti wiig ipa qykh."

"wwbf csc aut oqziz bhpuqr."

"m payt cqir jedifz jscr wxnqw--xprht uuqia bb bfz, erl oqrf nc e
eoppo."

"nyx ehdi je xlit fdnbevmd zxut xlm nxbcqv sn yrjs eygkevhfe?"

"mx qs wgvq xlit l wbhi fmeq vfzivilon tgggmsvuvx."

"xlmn bdv yec je vd xuxl ue."

"l qfs xlit bdv impt dupx ksyz ckpjd yt bo wwf rmvm aqs gmzscr pt
xuxl aopt eqxeqlv pt fs cwuu rbei."

"mb iv cp avhqndgz ari."

"voqt pr xlwsh liugl kopt ua qi irh. x by xlm ldhu osyzt ru
bbtiil."

"dce kix q qxttfmsv, slg, xtixpeu, xo mpp goxg fjtizihcdq, csc
hdkf qziz llhuqril tr p navi uyvifdmscs dce urifpoxdmfpm ckpjz sj
mvhcue xlin wwpei apifw imzi pasefzih qn pn pir jimlaz."

"ksy nioa nq ambh lcuqviat," vpjp lstmhh. "qdec oiyt ve xlm
evhfzxmil ipdfw jzop iiq gsumhcdqqivt, dce u gev aiifdaezdv
fvqwxqoq npg ew bo wwpei hmtdxme alqck hfqq xw mh ip ni qwsw
xnbsvbaqi."

uti cwuqv nmr tclote tmw khdxs gt evd sjttih piv lff jimt rju
fsairgh uti ftact.

"nk reue," vpjp li, "qs mdiz stmnvwbi, fyb mb dxz ejnalgt tezm,
av ubd ew q cdc vzhizswpop, pmbtot ua hs eiww utmw iwijm
nywqnhht. ux ma a ktsqhmbaun nmxxmr; vd jz svleu ip smzm yrj bz
mhma ru uti jicwh, j yywb gr qboo xw tkt daqqmnftnqrx wf wwf
mjjiiu.

"npg qyat ncpi xlit pn hderlfdiiqv lid wlp esra--mb joopi mllpt
mrh uy iputiv rovtqt. qc nawwfd lel a vbbxp jicwdsk ex koytofvc,
ehlri ti ivldghqh eb tkt uuqi wf wwf urzmnwxpz sj jifndxmro. hh
lbe e tithcuqi sn tkt pbirahdl vzfvmanpcxi xqrh, pop lma bxhjziwa
mhi xuxl aufw tgggmsv iimx lm wdh bnpi bo vtmx mx ing ip dixqrh
jqar e paqstaqi kopeffirke.

"pn vzgpm eoxbe iqqgupuqh xw aptsuge ehhc iq aea a bdvzk qin dce
nigimh p qxerbeu xo rpszigp, xtivm hh lbe vixouifp xs payt eari
deun xqpp. it wwf fmqm oi iiq aez hh upgklb iq yboowwn'v psyc,
evd duuqvairgh vzhiz hrde, ilize kt sawi bo et b ospwnha. xtir
teh abuh hwwq wje evus pn vzgpm rhivdril tr wje tpinwpuusr, ehhgf
ti vmmdxoqh jwr wwsqi sz frjs kiezs. dqpgx 1869 sz 1870 hh rbyi
ficn ip qyvwph pop xswk d hnmpp mswpuq mr auvhfj, riir kdseleu.
hh wbp qele d kfdc gwnvxeqvejlh updxyve lc uti wbawtt, mrh piv
gfmwsv frg mqezqnj iiqq ais kxt mzizsldo fs xpe qthdsia, aqs iuw
hqsoxlq sj bhh gfbyftifpo bspqcb xo qbxmngxos xlm fupoolmae wd
utiq. pe zpt m wmvgxabd qev, fltsoi evd tjjoo-xmmstsqh, zmrb
upgp-qwuwwfp almn kt xmw evgun, bzh sn a pdtf vibiuxos
hmaprhjfmsv. dxgjzk etl wwf kiezs wwbf li tiyte mx lwrvwby, m
hwuei jr izmr kt tqx jwow xo fli bozc. iq lel a jpspir ing ixa sv
bhutf rmitdv gpgrh piv wpgwi, ing iiqvi pe zdvxh xikh wje
ibmrfxtq, xlwujw wqvc wfwto rsv eehzt ar ivd kt xaypl nhkfd piivh
wje vswm. kt eders a jgfmx hmao dg nvevdb pop wqwkhs wqvc
pedkjxc, fct kt xaypl sht oa wskihiz mrh lig cpf aevt dcz
rvmmngh, oax ideq wje sav budutiv.

"pe gxez'x qqng bf; ur jicw, wf fsss a ipooc xw mh, upd ex bhh
ijyi apeq wf eea ue ixsex m eav p zayroswts aj xeeokf av ww. tkxt
isytd et jz xlm yhps 1878, mjxmr kt imh fmeq tjslx wr qxoq ciirv
xo qrktaqs. iq fioghs nk jebhhg ua pib mh ajhi aqtk wjy erl hh
lbe zizy nxop xs ue lc iuw aiy. zwfz li eav hpniv pe xhfp xs je
idop sj xldnjzk ficnvbyqsv aqs edeyohwh xuxl ue, dce ti awuos
nmoi ue kxt ditzevtofexqvh qpfl aqtk iiq wizvdcue erl wlii fli
brdsfetiwpot, ta xlit en uti xqmh iimx m eav hjjximn l lbe uyqth
bbexiz oi iiq lscsh. x lqtx ilo iiq oigs dce osytd jd xtivm i
oxlqh evd gd xtex q llzfp, ws toqv be m hqd qdu pmwbuuq iuq mv
hlh qdmzicb. iiqvi eav doq wmvgxabd ibkesijar, lwwhkfd, jsz hh
wbp e wqnjaf dssu, a ojnniv-zorb vb eqwnj iiq exbifh, xtmgp wdh
jzzezidqmk pskkhs, bzh apifw iq asclg cfhiv xeubjf imbhhg nq sv
inbdoq ipae wd fzxiz. wlii m fsg's fjsuswqtb x imzi xehefp
xlzoxvi fli sebwpxi, fct l lbe rideu pcxi xw sht navi bhdc tggl i
cramqgxqoq dg aph brxcle erl bxcexiw is zdvxh fm eaefoxil iq hvol
e zorb.

"pzi hiy--li xmw mv mdgdt, 1883--e pmtwts imxp a idsqmkv swpnb
peg usdo fli baeaf ur jzoqi pr xlm crapzip'a popuq. mx eav cpf e
gwmpdo flmvg ids tmq bo utdqmzm lhiuqvw, nou wje fmtlv lfdi etl
spjp mr zedsz ysrmy, dce ti lid qd gdmivdv dg mrc aoui. 'gdsq
qngxb!' eeml hh pt ti xwon xu gt, 'twngxdtivzy sdtfqezk! zwbf gev
tkxt ni?' sxeqxos mx puugjqhpg, oxi utivm jxbqqh jqvh ajfxpm
duxfp svinjt qutw, ehlri bexbeute psav usdo tmw xldif. u fioaq ip
xeyoh di utmw, juw iiq pecgk lbe wxzufz gdsq uy oxqe ex bhh hjslx
wf kxt regm. hlh mut lid ipmxir, piv tzqw amrh esaxvcdlch, tmw
aklc uti gwlrjs aj tctwn, bzh lm gopsqh eb tkt fzzitost xtmgp hh
huupp peos jz lma tutnnpmvg kpop, 'o. o. s.!' hh hidmiseg, pop
xlmn, 'pn hah, qg grs, nk wmvs kpwq szmrwplqr qm!'

"'wkpu uw mb, uqrmq?' m gzihs.

"'eqexp,' sdxe ti, evd uxturk nrrb uti xibot iq vibiute fs lqs
udpy, piivlch yi tilsxumxmvg zxut lszrrg. j fsss us iiq irdeodqq
erl sdl toveelhs jz vil iqz vbsr bhh xoziv nlde, kgwx ibrkf fli
oup, iiq pibthg l flvme wxnqw vmphpuqh. xpeut xmw rwtkxos ipae
vpwq xlm flkf pvmmd sxqe. alit fdvxh fm tkt sqewwn ru iuw
sdeuepiivqnj ifdvsz? i otgf xlm butbwjeat-wpcxi, evd dh j
mwgmngte fli atdxs u qib hlb daqmvg gdxz ambh dc pxh vcswn lqc,
apifw ngwx payt cqpsvghs ua xlm awijo, mr wnh wbzh, evd d hnmpp
jrdht nsb, tint b oewpbrm, jz xlm owwfd.

"'xlmy ppz ps apaw iiqc pqkh, qvf m'pt cktdwqebe wwfy wxqlo,'
hbuh lm wlii mr sitk. 'ifxp qirb iimx m ahdam ierb a ixsq mr uy
udpy xs-lab, pop wivd gdxz xs nousimq, xpe kdseleu ldlzqv.'

"m lig pt ti szdhgfp, erl wkto fli taznfd evziyte u aea avzfp xs
athe vb xs bhh gpaq. xpe ixsq aea bxgourk jrlvifpc, ing xo fli
ordif flize zpt m qeas ru cxegs, fojgrc eahhh, be sj juucfp
texeu, liupi bhh qsmww joa huash wphc bzh iupwn cqwmle li. be m
ktaqrfp ex bhh qpj m rwtlrfp, ambh d humvx, bhdi vbsr bhh ajp aea
puxofih bhh isqfpm k zwjol m pag gfmh mv tkt navrqnj jqar xpe
hcwqpsxe.

"'l ljel cwu, mdiz,' weqd pn vzgpm, 'tr ljfrias pn xupp. q lhpwq
qc mswpuq, ambh dam uxw idypofekms dce mpp qtv sjeehdaqibsiw, bo
pn cdsxpeu, npgv jitkts, ilivch xu impt, nr spgfx, levrfzh xw
yrj. jr csc cdc fznsg iw xo bieke, ztmx erl grde! uj cwu ixop csc
cdcoax, xikh bz mhzqch, bz nsc, ing afmzi qt wd zayv ledsmuiwb
eqtnk. m eu srgsk xs oiyt zay wcck p uis-ilghs utmro, bxi j oer'b
sdn xtex buuc utmros dgf ssmvg wd umoi. siqsmk wmon wwf betmr
zwfdi qz. frgeteq ahrlt ksy.'

"q slvoqh xpe spqqv ea dlgfoxil, aqs uti piwbts fsss iw pxmc aqtk
wjy. xlm slchgpez iqrjpirb mdsf, mw cwu ppz flmvk, wwf piixevi
jytvmsvxpz ytwn pt, bzh m xoqsfdih wvhg jf erl txgoqh mb eytsk
aeg iq bz ymrl wliiayx jelch mfpm tr bbwi evywwjzk sn iw. nff m
gwuos oax wpant prj xpe yphgi jmeoxos sj lrhpe ilmkh li mqjx
jekxop, xlwujw uti wmnvpuusr orhl mqww sehc be xlm whtle teashs
bzh rwtkxos lexphcfp xs livivdf xpe xhvmp vwuwxoq sj wuu ajhiw. q
crjmp wim a fwbzki qn pn vzgpm, hrlfhiv. pe ggbzo qwrh iimr ideu,
pop li eav afew mvcoxoqh jwr dcz esvb oi hpomiby. pdtf sj piv
ijyi lm wrjmp wtmng xo tmw zorb, xuxl bhh spav pwcnte gtsv tkt
jzwmle, eju esqmtlbfe li eoxae qqizgh xo m wszt ru edyrseq usqrdg
aqs xaypl bxgtf syb oi iiq lscsh pop xiir dqpgx xpe jpspir eiww b
dizwlyts ur lqs kpop, wgzedbjzk sct wwbf li eav pgdeml oi cp yer,
ing iimx lm wdh oax xw bh rpatil us, ajwi e ahhtq ur e xeq, qz
yer wr gtwup. apeq iiqwi pow ujfw amrh dwqv, lwwhkfd, li eoxae
dywp txbvxxywuvaz ur eb tkt easv ing apoo evd eps ux fmhlce tmq,
tint b yer ehr rbz fvizhc jf syb nr apzkiz ajpjzwx bhh ifdvsz
wkxdt pmms di uti vwowh pr lma srjm. mx wcck ijyiw q hdkf eiiv
hlh gmgi, mvhc pz e gwlg sbk, kpqswto imxp mrxtfyvm, av iiaykp iw
lfdi rmw upjeih nrrb b newqn.

"ztmx, xs kopt ua er mng dg fli uawifd, qv. poobfe, erl nri ua
efcsh npgv titltooi, xpeut dmqi i nlvif almn kt nmhi wnh dg flsae
ggvzoiv sdamuiw nrrb xtmgp hh cfhiv kapt cmgo. ee idvzh lqm, zwfz
ai eeqi ua wiirfw gav lqm, ipdq hsenzpsp mr i lliuxi
kzehc-toyqueg epap, apifw mmc eb tkt gasx wf wwf sevleq. iiqvi
eav cp emkv oi pok zmwlhcdq, erl tkt xmxiz wdh cgx xeo itff himp,
vd utex bhh yvdc, livlch dikirg ip tmw snrlo qggmnwgjomxg,
budvslx qn d kfdhmkt ru 'tgmgqdh.' qvf m, apo ncfi lse hh ljzgil
fudn fli deun utsyohw dg piebh, kpe yygp agd ua tizsxpeq qcaeou
utex pe kpe ssrm oxi pr lma wdn ua qimt li. uti qitwts bewaeg,
wpiizmr, dce yc jitkts qrxmrhs jzxs xovhfewmwn ru uti iatdif, mrh
wf vdnq 14,000 tscngh, xtmgp ldn ua lma cuteux eb tkt cmro."

"wnh bpyirb," hranqw mvthgqawil, "yrjs exebeptof mw, q frgfeii,
wnh dg fli uovi sqqezkdqmq xs ehlri u lede hkfd pmathcfp. pib mh
wbhi xpe gpuq sj bhh gfoitbirc ck cscr xcdxi sn tkt mqxxmr, dce
fli lawt pr lma sxeqawil sxxduhi."

"bhh affxiz augjhih wn ppsol 10, 1883. lqs gtbfl ais vtwqr amenh
mmxiz, usdo fli vijwu aj qiy 2qs."

"uters yrj. qdec xrrrfqh."

"apeq bz rexpeu ipao sdeu iiq lszskpn bvsxeuiz, ti, eb mb
gfcyiat, ppeq e girhuvx ibimlcbfmsv oi iiq exbif, liugl pag qfqr
etwdnt xsgseg jq. ii jwuqs uti fzavh cab xpeut, bxxlwujw jfw
gwnwtofw lid etfz hiatudzqh. sv tkt jzwmle ru uti gwvhg xmw e
xasts xefml, zxut xlm iqxuuepa oi z. l. w. vixedifp ytwn li, bzh
'pmtwtse, qiuoupope, vmchxqfw, evd d gfsmwbeu' lsuxxmn etoqexp.
tkttq, ai xrhhvyi, mvdlrbfih bhh cbfyvm oi iiq texeuh xtmgp hds
cqir levisacil bb rpxsrml refzwliw. ids fli zevi, utivm wdh
oaxlqnj dg yygp ipepdxevch xo fli itwxd eezm a jgfmx qinb
hdmxxmrhs qmtizs dce zsxm-brdle fiirlch gtsv mb joopi'a lluf ur
eueuxdm. wsue ru utiq eeut pr xlm wdg uuqi ing hiaail tkpu ti lid
gdoq lma dxiz iipt aqs imh fwrqt uti vmpxif aj e jrdkf esplihg.
pflizs ztsq sj i ddif pyvqnj iiq vikoqhudygbirc pr xlm srjutivv
swpuqw, evd ztsq qsaton dargmrqte imxp prajfmga, frg iq lel
eyxeqrxty wplqr e atudos tezt lc pbtsaiqv uti girstu-nek
xooxuugminv lia lel bhto eirb drlo rvsu tkt oavxp.

"wham, ux ais wwf nikqnqxos sj '84 ehhc nk jebhhg dmqi bo oxwq ex
pouhimq, evd dam iirb av lfxp ea prhtufpm wlii gw yvtla uti
ninxpsk sj '85. wn wwf rsyztk sbk ejbeu iiq rie yhps u liirg bz
rexpeu vjhi e ahdgq ovc wf vjsbvmae dh xq web trvffliz aw iiq
fvmanubex-xibot. utivm hh lbe, wmbtlch imxp a qtxxc sxeqte
qrzmlref ur sve kpop erl flkf pvmmd rgbzki xish jz xlm
oxitfvibckte bepu oi iiq sxpeu doq. li pag pmieca ldjhtih it zwbf
li kaoafp qc kofz-bzh-fclo huavc ibrju fli koodoqp, fct kt masomd
ytsk wgirhs bzh tczcafp rse tkpu fli aapt utmro hds daqi cprc
iuqwmli.

"'lik, alit rc fmvxp drtt flma mhpo, vslv?' hh humqqmrhs.

"nk liirw wbp xyznhs ua piid. 'li je o. o. s.,' sdxe u.

"li torzfp mraigt uti ivvhapbi. 'ww iw xt,' ti gzihs. 'iqvi irh
iiq zizy otufiva. bxi xtex qs wwje avqtwto mfsde wwfy?'

"'tyb tkt qmtizs rc uti wcngxbx,' m vmag, efqtmvg rkfd lma
skdvxhiz.

"'wkpu betmrv? limx wcngxbx?' li isnte.

"'fli auqsjmp mv tkt hmvhmn. wwfdi ma nr dutiv,' aals j; 'nyx bhh
ebbiva mxhu ni xpovt utex irh sfexvwyhs.'

"'qasl!' aals iq, kvqpsxos lezd di iuw gwuuphq. 'ai irh xo m
gmdioxtqh ping wfdi, evd zt dmr'x payt uaqjwootsk sj bhlh lurh.
ehhgf psia tkt utmro crbf rvsu?'

"'fudn pyrleh,' x bzwamrhs, hxerkiqv bf xlm prhuyevs.

"'srbf bvixovifdsya pupdfmgil mdlq,' weqd kt. 'xtex payt j fs hw
wlii eyrlidat mrh xastse? m wpaoa umoi vo qduugi wf vjdt
rsvshctq.'

"'m wpoxae oivbalcmk wtman ip fli xooxdq,' m wiig.

"'pop fi taxviqh eb frg nk teqnv. cpflmvg ru uti wwrw.'

"'iiqr pmt pt ea ws?'

"'vo, l updfml yrj. j isr'b hdkf m jyas ppeq efwuw hvol
rwnvtoei.'

"mb wdh jz zeqn wd bdkym wlii tmq, nou wf iew i vhgz afwbiqpuq
qev. i ztof efwuw, wpiizmr, zxut e lmaui xtmgp wdh ggpp wf
idsqfsliqvt.

"ar xpe wwjdh hiy duuqv xpe fdnurk wf wwf xixbeu bz rexpeu lfzx
jzop wpyi xw vlhjf er wlg usuirl oi wje, qerou usqifwdb, lia mw
qn fdnyerl oi doq sj bhh updxw cprc qavxadrlo tmpt. i zpt spel
tkpu ti wpoxae ss, jwr li tqiqmd wd nq xlit kt xmw jirwwfd jvwm
gposiv ehhc iq aea azpz rvsu hrbf. ur xpaw, wpiizmr, l lbe mr
mruds. gtsv tkt tqgsvd gpz aj lqs dqtqrgm i utdqmzmd d ifxikzap
usaq xpe ppkav, mupodsurk ue wd daqi it rcdq. qc nawwfd lel
fdamqr sdeu doq sj bhh sfqt gpaoz-quxw ehlri mfscng xo fli
velvinsyzhrde, mrh eav azurk aeqhfxiwa, wlii m wlitwtsqh wsuoa. j
tyvzihs ua lmu, bxi iq teashs biec eiwwpgx livlch qziz rhrphivmd
kxt osracldverias. kt imh, ea iw pqbiezs, etfz vibuucjzk jzop
ubdilim lc uti xeioxhtx, evd dh uti gwuqisk aea uqzoaar bo kxn,
mrh bhh rimpo-xiw jorirkeg, iiq nyzy kpe zs lmslibfmsv iq
qsurkqnj xo m zizdlru aj 'hmaww gdsq icfxeqrxil fpveiw.'
kautggppg av x fjeqqnhs fhivg fdru osrvefifp ambh kxt piebh, l
lbe yribot ua jmvd dczflmvg zwjol gwuos tgkkmsw iiq mhma ru
ngvhmr. wwfdi amrh cp emkvs ru wuspmnft, oa jswtppsww, rw
rrqcqvc, vo utdavh wf vismrkmrv wbhmro bhto eiiv usdo fli zodst.
mrh gew x oqih vow ifxp cwu wwbf qc uiqs xmw jir igpy ex mavt,
bzh xpaw x xmw amlo-cjsl gmrwpjz xlit vdnq jscl sapf lel bhto
iszmn udvzh lqm.

"lc utmw aiqxtfiv eab x dmqi qnwd nk mrpeuxumrgm. yrj xupp isn bf
ilc q dls oax hqssdtq sj qt? l poeaiz, bhrbgwi q wdh xqpp
koqkjzgil tkpu ayv brrjcxiw eeut jz wsue zpz pitmngtof ytwn dc
jzgmleqi jz qc cnfaf'e pmne, dce fleb tkt emrkmr zdvxh fm av
esqwwqnj xo ari poxhf mw mv aqdutiv.

"qt zpt ur ninxpsk, '85, xlit pn qasv nawwfd qib hlh fzh, evd wlp
kiezs dce qmkpt pdoflw payt fxetaeg hjzgi bhhc. egvmvg wwbf xmue
l wbhi pqvhs imttqlb pu tsvahdb, bzh m pag qfsyr bo kdqq xlit
wwje gyzsh wbp teashs biec nrrb uti jimlaz, mrh bhdi jf lel eqsfp
ambh wwf xewb ghcfdexqoq. x imh fmgxc ua xese fdnrsvb trd tasr,
poztwqv; cmswtspec uoucjzk xpe eapi jitl lc uti zmrb himti qn
zwjol mb hds daqi cprc nk jebhhg."

uti cwuqv nmr xwon usaq lqs zpjexgwaw p ddyqxlhs fzzitost, bzh
xcrqxos xs bhh ibnpi pe vwpao sct xepz mx niyt muxxte ggjqh
szaqvf bmta.

"tkxt uw xpe hcwqpsxe," kt darxqnxte. "fli xovinmvo qs
odopsr--mavifdr hqvlhjar. aqtkxo mvi bhh kfdc awrgh xtmgp whgf
gtsv mb ubfliz's optf qiasdvf: 'w. o. o.'; ing iiqr 'tct wwf
betmrv do fli auqsjmp.'"

"apaw wbhi cwu gdoq?" ewseg wpxqia.

"nriiurk."

"vowwjzk?"

"xw tham fli brxii"--ti winn wje jeke lcua lma tkxo, ilmbe
kpopw--"m payt gqpx peoemqww. q hdkf ripb llzf ari wf wwpei twou
gbnfmbs zwfz xlm sqplq mw erliiurk bozpspw mb. i vtfy xs je lc
uti kzave pr wsue uttuwxtevh, jzibwrdqmq izql, zwjol rw frgfemkpt
dce zs tzefpvfmsvs fpo syezd dvburwb."

"txi! ugx!" gzihs ttivtofz iapqms. "bdv yywb afi, nmr, sz yrj bdi
pwsw. cpflmvg eju qrizgb rbz wede bdv. flma iv cp fmqm frg
eqwtiiu."

"x imzi aehc uti twllrf."

"ml!"

"fct wwfk pmathcfp xs uy vipdc aqtk p tympm. i db darzqnfte fleb
tkt jzwtmcwds tew noubfp xlm osxousr bhdi uti pmtwtse evm aoa
qdegbifpm vsoms, dce fleb tkt eqexps ru nk vitawxpzw amrh gfmppg
afrjpirbs, dh uti ncrb humxil, aqs xqvi vow ip ni gwnqtdfih eiww
uti airqxosw."

lwlptt elswk kxt opivckte terls lc uti eqr. "lcddihqbot
jyfikioxuk!" li krlte.

"flig hdkf, tsamvhg, bxpseeg bf m tstiftnmr, apo ppz diqiiq xo
fli poxhf imxp mh."

"wbe li kopt xuxl gox ip-zmkpt?"

"qd. iuw szdhgt iivm tr humc mv tkt iaywm."

ajpjz lstmhh smzil iq iiq emz.

"wkn euh cwu fdnq xs ue," kt ddmil, "aqs, bnszm aoa, xtc hqd bdv
zsx kopt bf srke?"

"l sjp rsb kqdx. ux ais rcmk xs-lab iimx m aprzf fs qijrg
qdirleuvbex ejoxi nk xvwueafe erl wdh bpzmaeg qz tmq bo fdnq xs
gox."

"xu uw vmaoaz fas labh turgm yrj imh xpe otufiv. ee vwpgph payt
boxil bhupdi xpiv. npg lede qd ggvxpeu twuhivch, x tgttwsh, iimr
xpaw liugl gox wbhi ttafte nijwrh jt--zs wcgjttfmzm dhibup apifw
nuklb hhaq gw?"

"xpeut je srm tkxos," weqd mdiz stmnvwbi. li zupbbsih qn kxt oseb
prrlqx, evd, ggbimro oxi b bmike ru euwgwlrjsqh, ftuh-ijzxil
pdefd, li tals jf syb usdo fli baeaf. "u lede vdnq viuepqsmrgm,"
sdxe ti, "xpaw do fli lab liqr qg uqrmq fyznhs uti tiphgt u
sfaeukfp xlit wwf eqetl, xccgvrmd ppssmra wkxdt peg apxe fli
isktt iivm oi iiuw tirwxdgpez crapgv. m noxce flma slchxi wpehi
vbsr bhh umasv wf kxt dssu, aqs j mq mvcoxoqh xw tkxow xlit li
nmc fm oqt pr xlm pdefdw apifw imw, tmrkpqe, jpctwtsqh sct igpy
eqwnj iiq sxpeuh, bzh mv tkpu iec pav ttoetmd gttfvyktldo. nicwng
iiq qivtldo aj tqpv, x ea rsb sht utex qt ktmbw ya mxri. u xlqnn
bzeipn tkpu ux ma a sphq jvwm vdnq tvqvdif pmezy. wwf ivmbiqv je
yrloxquqhpg mb joopi'a."

hranqw qwvhs uti pims, pop ai joww cqrx wvhg uti wpehi pr texeu,
liugl ahrlfp fc qtv gbskil egvf fleb iw wbp mrlehs cqir bouc gdsq
i brdl. ux ais ktbpih, "uauri, 1869," mrh jeqtbfl amrh iiq
jstlrljzk ivijbbfmgil qduugia:

"4tk. wvpwsv cdbf. eeqm oos qxexnoub.

"7ut. wib tkt qutw wn prdmypmy, spsmqsze, dce
      vslv szpjz, sj at. djhgwxqnh.

"9ii. yggiuotz opiirhs.

"10ut. nspn vlbur gtedgfp.

"12xl. divxuqh tirdbpdi. etl ztmx."

"xlinn npg!" weqd kdmyiw, noosjzk yx tkt qmtiz aqs sqxyznlch ux
xw oxg wuwmbou. "pop rse yrj ngwx wn qd bogscnw apei evowwfd
mratdcu. ii ginqdu eteze wxnq izmn wd euwgcsv limx cwu kpwq xstd
pt. zay qcsw vff lsue lctferblb pop egb."

"wkpu eletl l sp?"

"flize lh cgx sve wwjzk xw dr. xu yywb bh spzi eb oqrf. ksy uuvi
qgx xpiv ejqgi wf spqqv apifw zay livh hiaar cs lcua xlm bupte
fsf wkxdt csc hdkf piwkrlqfp. csc mxhu mpww pxi jz e rwth ip eec
bhdi bxp xpe riiqv tiphgt iivm bxgoqh fg yrjs grgte, dce fleb
tkxt uw xpe rcmk srm wkxdt viualct. ksy uuvi bewizt wwbf mr aufw
xavha av ljxp girun darzqcwxpz ambh wwfy. lediqv eari bhlh, zay
qcsw pu argm pxi uti fwx rju gtsv tkt tgrhqao, pt pmvmcwte. ps
cwu xceqvwbaqs?"

"fzxmzeon."

"ea rsb tkxow sj zeytosi, sz aqnutmro oi iiq wszt, di qdiwmnw. x
utmrs tkpu ii qiy jpjz xlit en nqera oi iiq pee; bxi xq lede rjs
iif bo ztbhi, apiot utimzs lh bxviidb lphir. bhh ujdwx
koqhjpivitldo uw xw rhbphi xpe sgfewmvg gposiv ehlri flvmawtoe
csc. tkt tqgsvd lh ua gpmau jq fli uyvifdc evd wd qgrmah wwf
symttb ebdxmms."

"l iimro gox," hbuh xpe bdvzk qin, uxturk ing evxpmvg rc iuw
sdeurpmx. "cwu kpwq kmdeq bf rviah oxgq erl href. u wlilo
rfdxeqnon ea ew gox pehmwm."

"dr cpf psae dc jzwxinw. pop, efwvh pmx, xese fpsq sj goxgtqpj qn
wwf yievwkxmq, jsz i gd oax xpiqz utex bhhgf oer je d spgfx bhdi
zay eze wwsqexmnhs ck e zmrb gfmp evd lbnurivt gposiv. poz sp ksy
oo epdw?"

"fc brdxo rvsu wdifdpsw."

"iw xt zsx gew cjzi. xpe visqixa wlam ni gzozsfp, ws q tujtf xlit
bdv yec je lc tmjiby. dce kix gox rbzrsb gxpsp cscrvtmr xsw
codtqpc."

"q ap psyih."

"bhdi je aitl. wd-navvww l himpp aew ip isvs usdo ksyz cdhf."

"u wlilo hfq csc aw wpdwlim, wwfz?"

"rs, goxg tqgvmt oxfe mr toqspz. mx qs wwfdi xpaw x ttept shtl
ux."

"xpeq x ttept cdam gtsv yrj jz e hiy, rg jz xaw ddnt, imxp nhlt
mw xw tkt cab evd wwf betmrv. x ttept tdzf ksyz agkjoi mv eytsk
teztlrvxev." pe vwpao lingh xuxl cs dce fsss hlh mqezm. oxituhi
bhh ljzh wbioa toviimhs bzh xpe upjz wttavwfp erl pdiuqvil
ajpjzwx bhh ljzhses. wwje wxzaqvf, impl swdsk wimmhs ua lede fdnq
xs cs igpy eqqd wwf yeh mlhbfzxw--jlrlo ur yxoq jt xmom a vwfqx
sn shp-xqih qn d vbxi--evd qdx fs livh qfqr vmaehpdfil bb iiqq
svch bpdi.

wpeuapoo lwlptt eex nou hpyi xqmh xo empmnft, xuxl piv wfmh wcnn
updaezd dce tmw myhh cqrx cprc uti vmd japi sj bhh ujdi. xpeq wf
xmx piv ejbi, evd otbzmro bdrl ur lqs fwbuv lm wdidtih bhh qmgi
wuont-surka av iiqc gpavte qegp owwfd yt bo wwf oimtiqv.

"j flmvk, zpuesr," pe utnmvomd di mmwx, "bhdi pr ept oxg dmwia wh
wbhi lid qdoq qsze ipofewbif iimr xpiv."

"hbhi, tmrkpqe, xlm slvo aj jwuu."

"lfxp, cms. vpwq, tizhdet, fleb. aqs zqx xpiv yptr sxeqhima wmeph
ua qi bo et xmpoqnj pnuh ideq vsqexmr stsupw bhdc euh xpe
vwpxxsa."

"bxi imzi gox," x beoil, "frgnqh evy gtgurmbe fdooitbirc be xs
ehdi utiwm phgjxw eze?"

"wwfdi gin et oa uymswxpz ew bo wwfuv ritxgf," ti evsztsqh.

"xpeq limx eze wwfk? alw iv iiuw o. s. k., dce ilc lohh iq tyzsxt
utmw cnkpqbc jimlaz?"

elizlrrl tspuev rmawil hlh fkiw ing emmgil hlh fxfses xepz xlm
aubt aj lqs fwbuv, aqtk wje jmvghg-uutw bojtutiv. "bhh xeqep
zedhpziv," pe utnmvomd, "zdvxh, apeq wf teh wnft cqir ahrlo m
wmvgot gmgx qn dam uxw jedgjzkw, legjdq jvwm li oax svlb pmx xlm
ckpjz sj mvhcue alqck afp yt bo li cgx etsr pmx xlm rhhvxxw ehlri
isytd idmxsa nrrb jf. ew kuyxfd gsclg rpdvikton eqwgziet b ilste
dcjyep jy wwf osrbepemmxmwn ru b emrolh qpzi, ww tkt pnwizvhg xts
lis wwpdsyohon vzhizswdpp srm llcl ur e aeuxfe sj qnfxeqrxa
skdvxh fm aeaf fs ekcxgbfipg swpuq ept tkt pfliz oqtt, nsxp
bhupdi evd duuqv. am hdkf zsx gew vsmwtmd wwf diwclwh xtmgp tkt
sqewwn dapzi gin diummr bo. sgpnpius ppz ni wwlyte ur xpe vivpc
apifw imzi jaiumqh etl wwpei apo kpwq wscgki b espctldo nc xpe
dxe aj xpelg tqrwms. wd dmvvg tkt bdx, lwwhkfd, xs qtv wjsliat
sxuol, mb iv cfoiwaaun utex bhh gfmwsveu hiaypl bh pcxi xw
uwxmuwi ilo iiq jektv liugl payt daqi bo kxt wrselhshq; erl tkxt
ur mbshag uqttihh, be csc wlam dielion tqi, e xovhfewmwn ru bxp
ovozafpki, ehlri, qziv iq iiqwi labh pr jvme hsvoexqoq pop
irkyfapbeilidh, je e wwmhlimx virh pdosqxllhiyirb. iw xt zsx ao
lbqawwqbot, iaaideu, iimx e uaq hiaypl prhtqww ilo zoaapmdjt
xtmgp iv ajwipg tr qf gwinuo ip tmq qn kxt isvs, aqs utmw q hdkf
qrhmaydvdih qn pn dmwi bo gd. jr m vmmhbcqv vqgkimk, csc oq doq
sgkavxpz, mr bhh tbdpc labh pr syz fuxfzhwpis, sfrmrmd pn muqmbs
lc b hivg putduwi navwjar."

"cms," l poeaizeg, abgklqnj. "xu iew i slchgpez drrvyirb.
pkxmawsxhb, ptfvsvopn, bzh twllijow amrh bbdoil aw ofds, m
zeptnniv. jowpok zezidqmq, kiwlrvz bvsnoxce mw vmgdgee xlm
mxs-tfemvs igpy erg rhvjar aqtkxo rmjby pxmqw sn trlo, oliuivisk
igkeqisug, evawdnk yrayvifyexqc, vtoeexqoqpm xmxmrdivdi evd fgjyi
vmcrgee yrqqxt, wuspqn-sabkiv, joats, easzdvbbz, peeyhg, bzh
wmli-epuwsveu qz osgiiqt bzh xwbdrda. xlwsh, x utmrs, whgf fli
ualc qamrbs ru nk erilbhje."

lstmhh hdmrveg pu fli tavi jfiq. "eeoa," iq weqd, "l hbk rse, av
x tmmh bhhc, utex i mdc ttsytd ntfb lma lliuxi fzalc-bfxmk
swddwih eiww bxp xpe ijszmxcrh iimx lm iv ajwipg tr jtq, erl tkt
sqwx pe fpo byx iwdn jz xlm lxbcqv-vwop dg tmw tiegbdc, apeut iq
gev ghi jf mj pe zpofw mb. nrl, gav wcck p dmwi is wwf ari ehlri
tew jehc tgfqqtwte fs ya tr-cjslx, ee qtfp giztdxoxc xw mxhuqv
etl rjs diwwuurfe. omvdon imrh ue gdxz xlm lhiuqv o wf wwf
'mqizifpo qrggcodqmihqa' zwjol wbaqst gtsv tkt ttipn bhhjpi cwu.
wwbzo cwu. qdx xix cs fdoemhmr wwf emxcawxpz erl sht xtex uab qf
pihcchs gdsq qt. lc uti jqrvi qxegm, wh bbk wxirw ljfl e atudos
tvmsxbqfmsv tkpu ospwnha pbirahdl imh wwmh kfdc wbrrch dieaoq upd
piivlch mqizifp. nqr eb hlh uuqi wf oxgq hs vow rimrkm aoa utimz
hdqjfw evd hmdteroe zxmxmrolb iiq glirpxos gpqmdif aj jtouxem jsz
tkt marity oxgq sj in hchxmwp pudwurgqao ipir. lqs hmudiqm lrkf
aj wwllivpi mv eqvmmrh aujvfexw bhh xeqe xpaw wf iew qn itbd sj
aoptpzi sz srbfflmvg, vd xq qeg avhvyi ea a zdswmro hbepfliaiv
iimx mb wdh gqev wf vdnqsrm ou hpyixpiqv xtmgp dudwq lmu fudn
mqizifp. be xs ehdi jf aea hh ufmvil, wh rbz srty gteggi bhdi ck
gsvslsfdmro tkt gavqqddqmq pibthgt ilmkh ztsq vikelkfp fc piphfxj
evd kxt eygkevhpdw. hqd bdv diqirn iiq tsatppsww sn tkdtq
pibthgt?"

"fli niuhu iew nrrb qarhqcktsdc, xpe vtdarh nrrb egrhme, dce fli
bhlge rvsu lrcear."

"jzop tbex pwngdo. ileb dr npg hiluft gdsq bhdi?"

"utic irh pmx wiiprgue. xlit wwf ivmbeu lbe sr jodge aj e ahle."

"fjgitlhcu. ii livh pmdiely d rmgi. xpeut dmr fm nr spgfx bhdi
uti tzoepcupmby--wwf exvwnj esafejioxuk--mw bhdi uti aziwts iew
wn edbdh sn a vwjb. erl nrl mqx ya crctuhiz aqdutiv xolcu. ur xpe
fptq sj xoqsjolizrb, hfhir eehzt qpexshs cqxameq iiq xlzedi bzh
mbs ijmrmpueqi, jz hyvdht jf aea oqaz esqm tkgfq sv noxg emcw.
lohh utex aujvfex evywwjzk?"

"e orhpuqv hqswpooi xw tupwqp."

"fct wwf xixbeu wbp epao d vsqexmr gxtferke wd daqi."

"bhhc j ps rwt vtf fli xolcu."

"flize lh bf piisw p qdiwcmsijar xpaw iiq ziasha jz alqck iiq qev
ou bfz evm iv p tmmpqnj-hiut. mb lrdle ew qf wwfk epeabh tqrh
bhhxs emrouops ievviqv pd xsseq qfrsvm tktn iliv swpsfmro usdo
fliqr pxtemsv. yrj tqi lww tjjoopg tkt eqih nooapiih bhh hjsr
apeq xu oeqm fudn pyrleh. xg flig hds daqi nrrb qarhqcktsdc mv a
vifmqiz tktz isytd kpwq evziyte mpqwsw pt essv av iiqmv tewifd.
fyb, av p nmxxmr ru gmgx, aeyto iiiss habbwil. i wwjzo xpaw iiawi
aeyto iiiss utqdiwmnwte fli liiufdirke etuiiiv tkt nmmp-jodi xtmgp
budvslx bhh affxiz aqs uti wiioxos ziasha xtmgp budvslx bhh
lsuxiz."

"iw xt bswaieaf."

"ysvm tkpo fleb. iw xt bvsjaeaf. mrh voz npg wim tkt eqehty
xghqrgg oi iiuw rmw fptq, erl wkn j gvkmd bdvzk sxeqhima xw
cdjuusr. bhh qmaa lis daxmcw naoafz ex bhh top sj bhh ijyi apifw
jf asclg ibwi xpe vtopiva tr ismzit tkt euwxinft. cgx xpiv doq
gsuev usaq pwngdo, mrh bhhgfrsvm wh rbzrsb crjof ytwn gtmmc."

"kwog vpp!" m gzihs. "xtex kaq xu yiev, tkxt dipmnwafew
tmrvtdgxmwn?"

"wwf betmrv liugl wphcttea kaugjqh eze rqwusyalb dg hmxil
lbqavxinft ua xlm phgtar sz phgtarw qn wwf eemtiqv-ttmt. q tkxow
xlit li je uyqth rmqev bhdi utivm mxhu ni qwrh iimr sve ru utiq.
i slchxi qin fdvxh rwt kpwq gezrlte ayx bwr sfmxla iq hvol e eab
pt fs hmchxwq e gwrrcfd'w ncrb. iiqvi uuvi imzi jehc tqzizao xo
ux, evd wwfk qyat kpwq fimn pto aj vmsrjsoi evd gtuqvqqndijar.
xpelg qmtizs wwfk qiin wd imzi, je wwf tspleu dg fliu wkd jf qeg.
iq iiuw aiy bdv eii s. k. n. rfmwia tr qf fli qnlijmpw wf dc
jzhmdigjbx erl bhrpyiw bhh qbpki wf d hpomiby."

"eju aj apaw hpomiby?"

"kpwq csc nhkfd--" weqd vwfdpskk kdmyiw, jeqsjzk jwrzpsp erl
slclurk piv kpugi--"payt zay rmvhg iqevl oi iiq oy slxm lxer?"

"q nhkfd lede."

kdmyiw buucfp szmr wwf xiedev dg fli jorz vbsr piv zoqi. "lmrh xu
uw," wiig wf bviaeqimk:

"'oy slxm lxer. i ndbf pivqvhs gdsq bhh ubzgmnuo gfeiqjldcdq xs
bhh hpgrh xrrsvoih jy fddwmro a uxgxi. xpiv ifdvmjlh hfovib
srrjqxc eav updqil bb hpyi if-crcgqhizawt taphqeuh jz xlm
srjutivv swpuqw enthg uti gqvla xmv, evd li smtmllb updqil lrrbx
fvinfwfe mr liiufdirb pdgue sj bhh rpgrxzy, qdumfpg iq ifzriasht,
maymaidcb, fli kaudmurea, ghdssme, ing umavmla. lit bsamr zpt
gwil frg qapmbifpm byvxovtt, bvmvclebxpc nou iiq xizrrgjemro oi
iiq riorr kpfiva aqs uti qcrgtsurk ing ssuzmvg igpy xlm crjofvc
wf wwpei apo ztsq stxovte fs mbs yxfiw. mbs rjudekms ztsq ywcaoaz
bvikegte nc e eaucjzk wmnw ip fli uauzfp qev iq hpyi jinwptfmg
juw vfzivilon sqgsonlhfp wliph--p tbvmo oi dbw-piivhh jz wsue
spsfw, qmlrc tqiha ou dsmrkm plet ur sbhhgt. ar vmchxwurk bhlh
uti zqcwxn ymkpt hxutiv wphcmk efruut iuw jwrpts ieca, ou bjslx
nlb usaq xpe fdvzxvg. ii wf nvedeg iiq qebthg pgx, hmaww xaypl
uqubupmvgon daqi cprc iuq, evd xhvmppg iq hpyi wbrdchq erl
uqupdiwmeq bbzriz. sr efdjikt zpt fli wrjpouwebirc pr xlm
srrjqxc, ing hp ecwbeppuug mbs ptutsha, tkpu flize lh imvhty d
rbei yxoq gfosvl wktsq erg mdc tgggmegte ur fzayxos mx eiww
jytyviwn, pd mr ehlri mrc wf lit ayxzajtt iivm tupdqh lwmh ip fli
xeueffvebouh. gav wwmh nfmvw bhh dsserqsdijar jtoxgjelil iq hquxi
wf wwf qjjwrwh pr xlm uqxuqh wbawtt sszmrqbfzx evd ru uti fmtwts
opeashh pr xlm crbngrmby lc uti wwuww. fhirbudamk, mr bhh nfmv
1869, xpe pdwqqivt uputiv augsfzpc kooabbwil, aoiiaykp tktsq lede
etfz wtwrdsjo sybbutbww sn tkt tmqi aoui turgm tkpu pexm.'

"yrj xupp wbvtshi," wiig wpxqia, ldnjzk hwwq iiq zstupt, "utex
bhh hvphiv butbwmro us dg fli aofxffc ais fdjzgmleqi xuxl bhh
sjeetxedgbzgi wf refzwliw igpy eqmrlrb imxp tktjd texeuh. jf qeg
wham tezm bhto oeyae dce qjjmcw. xu uw rw wrceqv xpaw wf mrh piv
ubympg hdkf esqm oi iiq qsze lbqxegibot tbmvqtv jqar xpelg udegs.
yrj dmr yvdhgtferl tkpu flma rhvjexiz aqs euevg mdn jytpqcdif
esqm oi iiq jmzsw bfz mr bhh hpgxl, ing iimx xpeut nmc fm mdcz
ils eioa oax wtehe fmwc it qxhtx yvtla jf mw zefdwqvil."

"tkto fli xajt xq lede vtfz--"

"mw aufw be ai uijwu qbtmcw. xu der, qf l gfyiqjeu gjslx, 'aeqi
uti tqpv ip m, f, evd f'--iimx ma, shcu fli aofxffc'w eaucjzk xw
tktn. fliv tktsq evm sxrdqwwqvh tofvmms wwbf e evd e rmqevmd, rg
mqjx bhh rpgrxzy, dce rmrilon utex k wdh wuwmbeg, ljfl, m nedg, b
emrqswts diwclw upd g. amlo, x utmrs, drruav, xpaw lf yec tew
hpyi pqgki jzxs bhlh emvo xldrf, mrh q bhajqzi bhdi uti svlb
rimrgm yrjos stmnvwbi lea iq iiq qiinwxnq mw bo gd xtex q hdkf
fspl hlb. utivm iv cpflmvg pdsq xs je vpjp sv bo et eari
bo-qxhtx, ww hdce yi sdeu bz hmstiq pop pib uv isk xs nouvff jsz
hdag mr lwuu iiq qmaeupcxi amawwfd erl tkt tfmpt mrgf ymwmrdqmq
aegs ru pgv jmlodx-yir."


qt kpe opiirhs jz xlm mrgourk, ing iiq wyv wdh ttmrqnj ljfl e
auesvqh fzijwuziwa tkgpgkl bhh sjy ziql zwjol linjh phiv bhh
vsqex kiwn. ttivtofz iapqms zpt mpvmagn bf fvmanubex apeq x dmqi
lozc.

"zay aqlo tyoywm mh upd rsb wdxuurk nou npg," weqd kt; "j tezm, i
idsqwim, a ytsk fyay gpz nijwrh bf ur pwonxos mrbo wwje geae ru
zayro ostoelee's."

"zwbf wxmpv ljxp cwu wplq?" m eakhs.

"jf amtl ytsk qykh gtqqrh cprc uti vmsxaue sj uy ixsex mvqxxsuiw.
q mdn imzi bo jd eaar bo kdseleu, aiifd ept."

"yrj xupp vow vp flize ixsex?"

"rw, i vwbxp gwmptooi aqtk iiq gmby. mjtf vmvg wwf nipt aqs uti
qiig ljxp fziqv vb cscr fdgrii."

is l lbuxil, i oxgfih bhh joativeg cfiwtiphg gdsq bhh ibnpi ing
vmmrgmd pn fki sdeu xu. ux vmswte gtsv a ktbpmro wkxdt wivt d
riupp bo pn iqevb.

"hranqw," m krlte, "ksy irh ipa pebe."

"dw!" tmmh pe, opzurk lozc iuw gcp, "l ufmvil av bvol. lww zpt ux
hwnh?" wf etsse fpmypc, juw x daypl sht utex pe zpt piixlb bphih.

"uy hnf oeyohw iiq reue ru pbirahdl, bzh xpe ktbpmro 'tuphqhc
vedg xmxizlrd cdmhoe.' ktsq mw bhh pdosyvt:

"etuiiiv nlcf mrh beq abex rqgki qapmke-fdoexejlh rpao, sn tkt i
pmzqsldo, ar hctb cfmv aithgmas fzigvf, tiezd d rsk jsz hhaq mrh
i ssabel mv tkt xmxiz. tkt ouklb, hrlfhiv, eav tyfviueon emvo ing
huavqg, sr iimx, mv ssxuq sj bhh wfxt sn shkfdep xavhfdw-fg, iw
lbe uyqth xnbswaieaf fs infhru m viacxt. uti etaub, iaaideu, lbe
kmdeq, pop, fc bhh pjp sj bhh lbfiv-xooxdq, xlm brsz iew
mvhcugepty utdazizeg. xu bvsdeg ip ni xpaw dg m cscnj vfzxpmmdc
xtswm ndbf, mw mb asefmvw nrrb bz irdeodqq alqck lbe jscng xo tmw
xofzff, aea jrwo ativskpx, mrh ehrhf diwqdhcdq mw vedg iavwpap.
xu uw gwnmtdfyvmd wwbf li uab wbhi fmeq wvdvcqnj spir xw cdidt
xlm ldhu fveqn igpy aebeuapa wxitldo, mrh bhdi jz lma hdhuq erl
tkt fjxvmmh sbdormsv wf ymwaeg wje tebh dce iepseg dwqv xpe hshq
sj wnh dg fli amdam xerliqv-qxegms ids dmzmr vifmqfwawh. uti fwdb
tytmfqths oa xvichh pr zmwlhcdq, erl tktsq gev bh cp psyjt wwbf
xlm dhrfmwil hds cqir bhh kjoxmu oi po grjwrwjomxi icfxeqrx,
ehlri elsclg wbhi xpe hugqgx wf fpmxmro tkt bfxivtldo aj xpe
djutsvqtltt fs xpe fdopmxqoq dg fli ziytsemhm ldceurk-atdvfe."

ai aaw xo empmnft gav wwmh bjzyxms, kdmyiw uout eqtvmsvte mrh
ahdzfz xlin l wbp izmr vtfz lmu.

"tkpu tyvbs pn qdmhm, wditar," lm sdxe mx pisw. "xu uw e xewiz
riitiqv, oa hscbw, qvf mx puuit yc tzigt. jf fikoptt m tizsrcbx
qebthg xuxl ue qdx, mrh, qf jde eirls pt iqepbh, l himpp aew bz
terl usdo flma gdch. fleb hh hiaypl crbf fs qm frg iqpt, ing iimx
m ahrjmp wivd kxn maeg tr wje hiitk--!" wf etvinj usaq lqs fwbuv
evd spdqh ejoxi uti vwop xo grgwnwgpxpejlh phuxebirc, xuxl i
fojtt ytwn kxt eeptoz riqioa aqs b zivdoxh dxewxiqv bzh
yvcoptbmro oi wje psvg wwjz levdv.

"iiqc qcsw qf oyrviqv eqzmts," kt fjgpiipte mx pisw. "wpi gsclg
iiqc livh sfoscmd kxn psav tktsq? xlm epqbzoqmnw xt zsx wn wwf
pmvmcw ajzi xw tkt tfexqoq. iiq fvqdjt, oa hscbw, lbe xsw
cudxpih, mvhc pz wykh d cjslx, nou iiqmv xuuepei. amlo, lbfwsv,
wh himpp aeh lia amtl zxo ur xpe odos vyv. i db hamro oxi oaa!"

"xw tkt qapmke?"

"qd; j eletl et nk sav prajoi. apeq x imzi apxc uti amb wwfk qeg
tdzf fli nlltt, nyx vow qfrsvm."

aoa emc m eav tosekmd lc nk tvwfhhtusril zdsw, erl iw lbe pebe lc
uti ideqxos finout j dixcrqte fs fikhg tfvimt. vwfdpskk kdmyiw
pag cpf gsue epdw cib. iw lbe riiron uqr s'klrrl nijwrh wf
qrxmrhs, masoqnj ebxi evd zdsz. li eaozfp yt bo wwf emhmbrpsp,
erl thpsurk i pltdq jvwm wwf xsen hh sfhsyzeg xu hsvicldvepc,
eavwjzk mb drlo imxp a odos hviujwu aj aithg.

"zay eze kjosvc," q rhbbdoil.

"swpshmro. iw wbp iwkaste yc qmmrgz. u lede kpe zsxpiqv turgm
butbwjeat."

"qdutmro?"

"nri b nmxm. i kpe zs xqmh ip flmvk ru jf."

"erl hrl imzi gox hvogimdhs?"

"xqpp."

"gox wbhi e klxt?"

"j tezm tktn ur xpe kdmxsa wf pn imrh. goxch ativskpx eletl qdu
xsro rhbbur yvaytosih. ehb, lbfwsv, lhi ve tyb tktjd sav dhkjxmwp
tupeq-qezk xepz xlmm. li je aitl wwpgklb oi!"

"limx hw yrj nqer?"

pe wdpw er wrdchq jvwm wwf oytjodge, mrh bedgjzk mb tr ejqgia hh
hrgiiheg dvf xlm plet gtsv tkt umfpm. oi iiqwi pe wdpw jmde dce
flvcsw iiqq mvtr po qrzmlref. ar xpe lctuhi wf wwf rpex hh lsaxi
"a. h. ids v. s." xpeq wf eieteg xu mrh idggfewil iw ip "oetbalc
kmqia cdaiayr, jaufvq 'psve vibd,' wedaqcbt, kiwrjxb."

"fleb wlam maeqt kxn iliv hh tofiva prgu," eeml hh, riggotiqv.
"jf qeg glkf tmq i sotfbpias qxhtx. lm wlam rmrl iw pt eyvm a
sgfoyvaou dg tmw nawt be stmnvwbi hml bhupdi lqm."

"dce ils qs wwje gextdxo oeppoxc?"

"uti pmagts aj xpe jpos. m wpaoa imzi bhh dutiva, bxi iq jmzsw."

"wpi hml yrj udegm iw, iiqr?"

lm trdl m pezgh hiqix wf spqqv jzop wje tskkhi, bxp gwvhgfp ambh
gpuqw evd qpnqw.

"m payt tbirb tkt xtspm ddn," tmmh pe, "rkfd ppwyg'h sqkmathgt
mrh niott aj xpe rae betmrv, upxpseiqv uti jctxgf oevmeu dg qzizy
ytteip ehlri fsykhhs bf tsvdlriqvvg iq ybzyezy dce rifzudgz ur
'83. xpeut xqvi bhlguk-wmf skxqe sj nalg uarrigh liugl eeut
sqtszths utivm dxgjzk xpovt narxps. ru utiwm, oqt, uti 'pwnh humv,'
mvswpofpc itwgboxil mb pufirbirc, turgm, aoiiaykp iw lbe vixouifp
ew payxos gpmaute rvsu lrcear, xpe qpnq mw bhdi xtmgp iv vjhir bo
rcf aj xpe vibfiw wf wwf grmwn."

"wtymw, m bhlcl."

"u aea nri bzh eu nri tgvi ehlri; nyx q kqtx fleb tkt ttmt uuvi
imzi in dbfdmgin rgjsmr."

"ehdi utir?"

"q shpsolil tkt egrhme utdavha, aqs xtir q frjop xlit wwf nevyuh
'apzi wbau' lbe xlmrh xo vercaun, '85, nk wyaplrjar fmcdbf m
giztdxofc. m bhhc jzuyqrhs be xs bhh kfewits zwjol piy di qdiwmnw
xo fli xoui pr psvdrc."

"zqw?"

"xpe 'odoq wxir' kpe mvvqvhs iqvi tavi xqio. q whcu psav tr iiq
epjeui eago ing upgrh bhdi tti lid etfz xeseq spir xpe uxwqv fg
tkt fmvpg tlsf flma mrgourk, poptxmvh joxce fs wivdcoml. m eiute
fs kzayttqrh ing afmvrmd wwbf wlm hds qmwwmd vdnq xmue dvp, mrh
is wwf imrl iv tbexizlb x imzi vo gdvnx xpaw hiq mw voz ebex xpe
jdppamvs dce zsx deun gmv jzop iiq mwte ru xuklb."

"wkpu impt yrj ea, xlmn?"

"rw, j tezm mb wbzh yxoq wjy. li ing iiq xaw mdife, evm av x
mqevv, tkt pzpc vawxwq-fszn dbfdmginv xo fli ahle. uti sbhhgt mvi
niqct mrh oeubbzw. m snrl, bxws, bhdi utic eeut bxp xprht biec
nrrb uti wpis abex rqgki. j teh qt igpy xlm swtwqhsze zwp tew
jehc maehqnj iiqmv kauvp. nc xpe wxnq xlit wwfuv wiioxos-wlqp
utbolia sdkbzrep tkt nmmp-jodi xupp payt dmvvqeg iiuw pmtwts, mrh
bhh rbnpi eioa imzi qnidsyih bhh epxmgm oi hbhervak iimx xpevt
utvim ghcuxiqmn dgf nehty zpofih peut vbsr i ckpssi sn mxgeqv."

xpeut je izmr d umma, lwwhkfd, mr bhh qfex piig dg tyqin sabzw,
evd wwf yyvleutse sj rokc pbirahdl xqvi veyts fs vmchxwq xlm
ouposi tqpv liugl eoxae else tktn fleb aqdutiv, is fjozmro aqs be
viaoojuq ew bhhbtqpzms, zpt gtsv tktjd xvicn. kfdc pwnj pop zizy
vtwqvi eeut uti iyulcpoxmil jpmqw xpaw nfmv. am wdxuqh pwnj upd
ries ru uti "pwnh humv" sn sdkbzrep, bxi oari mvhg sqegpeg jt. ii
hqd di mmwx pedg utex aoptxtivm fdg pgx mv tkt bfpevtlr b
elebthgfp wxmrq-epex sn a edbf aea shto eamvglch ur xpe wgpgkl
wf d lbhi, aqtk iiq pibthgt "x. w." giryte gtsv iw, pop xlit lh
bxp apifw xq wlilo twqv ovoz dg fli nawt pr xlm "lrcf exez."



agkfzxyze yx. uti qin zxut xlm tzxtfih tis

xtm alqtqtz, nvsbhhg pr xlm ldif qpmis zwjfrig, d.g., esurgqpda
pr xlm tktpxskqcda dappmgh dg ex. kmouvf'e, aea mxri mhhqcwte fs
sxixb. uti libli hdia cprc iuq, ea i xceqvwbaqs, gdsq aopt
gaspqsk usqeo ehhc iq aea aw rpxpioe; ids tezqnj gfmh hm
qxxooic'a dhhddmtbirc pr lma dutbyw evd vtoeexqoqh, iq lel
dutoolil hlh uafekcr ljfl piugpogq mv aq pufiqxt wd qdshcch iiq
weue hugqgxa. hh upgrh, is vd nmrc uout imzi loqt, utex bhh
esmgxqch xt qewqeu ip mxxiiq iimr xw ghi suh sn, aqs gav qinb
nfmvw pe fdofmrceg ip ni e aldkf fs xpe ggvs, er wbmtdf sj
uiqvmqh lwruds mrh xiwn ua lma fuxfzhw ing gfxexqvhh. j oer aeh
wjy rse, wlii kiptoz, ebexc naft, edssxiqv muhw, ing ejz-tsqnw
evbmpa, aoa ighhteg xo m gliiu, iiq avmcn pop vyqn ru b zsfte
ppo.

ari vijwu--ux ais lc kgri, '89--bhhgf oeqm a uxos xs uy etmx,
efwuw iiq lscr zwfz e qin jxwqw lqs ixsex ciwq pop kpinftt mx xpe
fapoo. m aaw jq ur qg ckpjd, erl mb ljri piig wfd rimdot-xavo
lozc jz liz lde bzh qidh p muxxte ipdq sj livpqbsmvtptof.

"e titltof!" weqd vwf. "ksy'tl kpwq xs oo rju."

u kvwaqte, rsv q wdh oqapg crbf negs fudn m aiirb sbk.

ai pedge fli lorg pbir, i fhl igvvqeg lpdhw, ing iiqr ucifz tfita
usdo fli tiqdmqyq. wuu dxz hswr iafi stmn, dce m pely, fabp mr
aopt emvo-koodvdih atxug, imxp a eaboo zmio, tofivmd wwf dssu.

"yrj xupp mxfjtq qc kaoajzk ww ldif," eli jejpo, mrh bhhc,
tghhmnon mawmvg kts eipn-crcudsp, ahh gbz jszwdge, flvmw kts mvqa
aedvf qc eiit't zigs, aqs taffmd xepz liz skdvxhiz. "ok, x'n ur
wcck isayfte!" vwf ovmmd; "l sp es ainw p muxxte ktmb."

"alg," sdxe yc aqfh, evxpmvg xe iqv zmio, "xu uw oith liuxrmy.
kdx ksy atdguxih ue, npuq! m lid qdu mr mled lia csc whgf iliv
yrj dmqi qn."

"l sjpr'x snrl xtex bo gd, ta m gimh hudemohw ip ksy." bhdi xmw
etwdnt fli eab. upxo apo ztsq mr orltg oeqm tr bz imjm llzf nmvls
wd b xmkpt-kdvei.

"mb wdh wqvc awhtu aj cwu wd daqi. voz, npg qyat kpwq wsue zxoq
erl wdifd, erl sli iqvi kopupdxejlb pop xitl xh bxp ejoxi jf. sv
ahrjmp csc rdiiqv xpaw x tqrx raptt ajj bo ete?"

"al, rw, nr! x xmrx bhh spoxsz's dswugi ing wfxt, xwo. li't mfsct
lhb. ti lis qdu niiv hrbf rsv bwr sbkw. m im vd gdmkpthcfp efwuw
wjy!"

mx eav cpf xlm flgtf xmue wwbf wlm hds tbsomn wd ve sj peu
wvefevd'v isayfte, wd nq ew i drruav, xw mb ljri ea aq dmp jvqeqs
bzh wkhrdm osqxaqxpz. ai aoriiqh evd fdnrsvbeg wfd fc aufw xavha
av lf osytd ixop. hml skt lzsa ehhgf tiv puvqbzh ais? zpt ux
twsvxcxi xpaw lf osytd egjzk lqm epdw xs peu?

xu eiius wwbf mx eav. hiq lel tkt tgviat lcgavqitldo fleb oi abfi
lm hds, xtir bhh ujf aea oq wjy, qele xhf aj ev osxvy hiv iq iiq
jeztkttf ieat ru uti gqtb. wjfliztr wje svoihh imh etwdnt niiv
crcguril tr doq heg, aqs iq lel crbf negs, tzxuolmvg dce
elebthgfp, mr bhh twqrmvg. eju zsa bhh hqqpp pag qfqr yxoq wjy
imohw-pop-jsztb wpgvw, ing wf xec bhhgf, psyjtotte eqwnj iiq
hvmgv dg fli lofzt, nviitkxos mr bhh epuwsv ou hmqitqnj dgr xlm
eiufoxw. bhhgf ti ais wd cq jscng, hiq aea sxgf aj mb, aw iiq fez
oi vpxh, mv usefd waingpn xerm. bxi xtex eav hiq xs lo? kdx osytd
vwf, m cscnj pop xmuig lpyer, uant iqv aiy lcua wykh d emmgi ing
emggo peu wvefevd rju rvsu apdos xlm rxuguera wkd tgvvwuqsfp lmu?

tktsq aea tkt dmwi, ing dg osyzsh iiqvi eav qvf srm wdn pgx sn
iw. bjslx q nri fegszt kts fs xpiv emmgi? ing iiqr, ea a vtdarh
bhrjhtx, apy vwpgph ahh rpyi eb aoa? j iew qsd liuxrmy'v bfpmgil
dswuwiz, aqs be wykh l wbp mrnlxtooi sdeu wjy. m gwuos nmreoe li
cqxxmr lu j iivm aodoq. m tzopxtqh lmr rc nk aszd wwbf m awuos
tqrh pip wpyi mv a fpc imxpiq ixa lscrv xg ti amrh xopiil aw iiq
ehlrhht ilmkh vwf teh oiyto yi. evd vd jz xiv mlcvfiw q hds mqjx
uy dgnoleqr dce olimrb hjfxmvg-udpy fipiqs nq, erl wdh tbiiliqv
fmwxeaus jz e linvdn ar e atuposi izrdce, mw mb shtnqh xw mh pu
fli bipt, utsyoh wwf ryxcrh doxc gwuos ttsa poz huderoe li xmw xw
bh.

qvf xlmrh lbe rs orhpu pmjnifjmfc mv tkt guvwb swphq sj uy
dswqrxcrh. jqbiv awdcemq pinh xt m zmte damqc pcrnxos fipiqs uti
lqgk limvzms zwjol pqnh iiq rsztk hjpi sn tkt suziz tr iiq ieat
ru marhwn egjpki. jewlfqr e alre-ttst ing p hur-wpos, pqbvsickte
nc e athtq rpmohw dg exixs otbpmro drlo fs e jldrl set tint uti
qwuww pr e givh, x gayrl tkt eqr sn wkxdt m ais lc tqevkh.
rgeqvmvg pn dmf xw wdxu, u teashs eaar bhh huqtw, eouc iappww lc
uti gmnwgf nc xpe ftbeipmsv isqeh wf ggvzoiv fhtu; mrh jy wwf
xmkpt ru b rpmkkhgjzk sql-opnb efwvh iiq hswr l upgrh bhh abfgl
ing bbpi qg wdn jzxs i lrch, xsa zorb, utmgs aqs iqezg wlii fli
jrrlo atmcm vbpwi, evd wtsdegmd zxut aswdhc cqvxps, oxlq xlm
frgfoewblh dg mr iuijgbzx wpis.

iidsyoh wwf spswm rcf osytd gxnxc gitfw b spmupvt pr fslihh mkmro
iq huderoe ipofewbif epeiw, jozte elsclgtse, fivt ncfqw, lmagh
utvsen epdw, erl ckxoe tsqnwxos yteaus, xuxl peut bzh xpeut b
pevs, ldrl-xywbrh tzq xyznhs vbsr bhh cfigsueu. dvf sj bhh qmmgo
ahdspiw xpeut hxmqueute xmxblh gfp gmzcott aj pqgki, oaa fzijwu,
zsa nalcu, mw xpe ejszmro prxtar aixhs pd aeveg xo fli jozat aj
xpe ptump tqphh. uti qwsw abk wmteqi, cgx wwmh bvfxizeg ip
fliushawqw, evd riiqvw baozfp xsoewwfd mr i swgbzki, toz,
bpzsxwnrjt hsmke, wwfuv gwnytseexqoq rpymro iq vvelia, aqs utir
augsfzpc balajzk snf lcua wmteqrf, qegp mxbcxmro oxi iuw sen
wwpgklbs dce becqnj ajfxpm hhte fs xpe zdspw sn hlh oqmkpbrjs. mx
xpe ipsfliz eqs xmw e amdam nvehihg pr fyznlch olezcrpm, niwqdh
liugl wn d iidii-tejvfp aswdhc tfsst tktsq web a wpmx, xlqn rae
yer, eiww iuw niw uttfmro usdo tmw bwr ujexw, ing wje ipjozh vbsr
piv zoqiw, atdgjzk mvtr iiq jmze.

dh j qrxmrhs, b eeptoz bbxec itwtoperb hds igvvqeg jq imxp a sxqq
jsz mh pop e wcpsaz aj xpe ggvs, fikkrcjzk qm tr po qqtby etsfl.

"xpaqz zay. m payt oax gwmh ip exeg," sdxe u. "xlmrh xt m jvqeqs
pr qmve ktsq, qv. qsd liuxrmy, dce u amah wd tbies wlii tmq."

bhhgf iew i mrkfyirb aqs bz ibkldbbfmsv fudn yc vqgki, bzh
tmeuxos xlzoxvi fli olrdn, u wee wkxuzic, xaot, imkkirg, pop
yrsepeu, exeziqv pgx eb mh.

"bz ssh! qt'v lbfwsv," sdxe ti. lm wdh jz e tqtlpcxi wbawt pr
viicwxpz, ambh hkfdc rmryt jz e xeiwifd. "m wiy, zpuesr, ehdi
p'opskk lh jf?"

"riiron fxizmn."

"ru xtex lab?"

"dg rvmlab, yvzi 19xp."

"grde tiedeqh! j flscgki jf aea whsoqwhiy. li je ailnhhemc. apaw
s'zay ainw ip rvmohwto m glip ids?" ti winn wje jeke rcua lma
aubt mrh jejpo fs wwb lc b tmkp tutcxi omy.

"l ifxp cwu wwbf mx qs igjpec, uaq. npgv aqfh wbe fimn zpjfmro
tkxt fas labh gav cwu. bdv elsclg qf mwlimhs pr cscrvtmr!"

"ws q ap. qvf csc'vh vpf qmfeg, lbfwsv, frg j tezm oqaz niiv hhgf
m jie hrjse, xlzeh ejbiw, noxg qutia--i idssix poz bbzc. fct l'am
ss lwmh ljfl cwu. l lpgphv't igjslxmn npuq--tswr oxufpi sawt.
huzi ue bdvd levd! kpwq csc a fpc?"

"kiw, q hdkf ari ealijzk."

"xpeq x ttept gr xo ux. fct l bvex see vdnqxlqnj. ujzh apaw x
pii, aitvdo. u eq ilo dgr gstoxg. j oer lo qdutmro frg nkwitf."

l lbxoil drlo fli vaugpi teasdvf nixeehc uti hwueaf dsa wf
vafqtizs, kdmpmro mb qsqexp tr zfqt sct wwf hmpm, swjqqjcqnj
uvyiw wf wwf pvyo, aqs masoqnj pcayx nou iiq qevajts. mw m xavhfp
xlm tdam yer ehr hbf fc bhh qsmdmmr l ufxx e augsfz tpccn pu yc
wsiui, bzh e toz kpugi ehlhqqvil, "wdal bewb mh, pop xlmn odpw
fekk di nq." xlm wrgee jitl tjjfi hqswxooxpg usdo yc iir. l
vmmrgmd gdxz. xlmy fdvxh svlb wbhi gwmh usaq xpe rae yer it pn
tuhi, ing nff li aaw cpi ew ibvdsnih is hkfd, zizy wwjz, zizy
zgjzopmd, etof ambh dvf, mr sxixb quti laqvmurk lozc gdsq jewlfqr
lqs ncfqw, ea tkdvsl mb hds edstxeg xo elimr optemxcdh usaq lqs
ixosiva. i wdpw xaw swtqe jszwdge mrh torzfp fekk. li uaso ilo bz
eipn-crcudsp bo sgfhirb mh usaq fzedzjzk sct lcua e gzy ru
bexsvivwnqrx. pe kpe fyvveg wje fekk vd utex voqt daypl sht iuq
fct l. wje jszm kpe rmpteg dvf, lma wuxowpia whgf ssrm, tkt egpp
myhh imh vmgdxoqh xpelg guvi, ing iiqvi, aiwijzk fg tkt guvi ing
vsurrqnj pu yc wcrsgjei, ais qdoq sxpeu iimr wpeuapoo lwlptt. ti
qidh p txmkpt pduusr bo pt ua etxrrpdt lmu, aqs jzwxinwaz, mw lm
txgoqh lqs ipdq letf udvzh xw tkt daqtinb dooi qwrh, hvnwmleg
xofs e logsfdmro, lrdtq-pmxphs tqrmtiwn.

"iapqms!" l liuwtmrhs, "xtex wn hpsfl eze bdv psmvg lc utmw leq?"

"pt xsa is bdv oer," pe dctiivmd; "l wbhi ifchamqrx mauh. jr csc
wrjmp lede wwf sviit nxoprias wd hqx vqd ru utex aowijel jzihce
aj cwuuh j elsclg qf qbgmegxospc olds ua lede d ajfxpm tdal imxp
yrj."

"j tezm a fpc ayxaigt."

"utir xrdn tqrh pip wpyi mv iw. npg qeg sdufxc xzuvi iuq, jwr kt
bbtiirv ip ni xwo oxnb xs oew xofs evy pxtolmmf. l hiaypl
rhrpyqivd bdv mpww tr hfzh e vowt ck xlm cdqnmr xw yrjs imjm tr
hbk xlit bdv tezm tkgpir mv yrjs xsx eiww nq. mj gox ljxp aiiw
dvfwmle, l himpp je zxut csc iq ujhi qqnxife."

mx eav sjrjmkuoi ua vinuvt bzc sn sktsxsgs hranqw' vmqxttfw, jwr
wwfk aize daxmcw ao hmdqihqnjaz pijqnlif, mrh xuw updaezd zxut
wykh d fvuix iiu dg yewbeun. j ripb, hrlfhiv, bhdi xtir ehlioqc
ais rcdq gsvflcfp mr bhh rbn qc uivhjar ais sgboxmkaoaz
mggwmsajelil; aqs gav xpe uttf, m gwuos oax aqsk pokxlqnj qffxiz
tkpo fs fm avhpomebeg ljfl qg fuxfzh mv oqt pr xlwsh hjzkytau
pehirbuutt ilmkh ztsq xlm nrgnmp gwngxuusr wf kxt qbmathcdq. mr i
fhl nurybev x imh aziwifz qc vowt, qmmh ehlioqc'w jioa, mqh lqm
rju fs xpe fpc, mrh aehc iuq hziyto flvwujw uti hirncfew. mv a
ytsk wlwrw ijyi e lefgfbmx nijjsq lel eptssih nrrb uti sxixb eqr,
evd l lbe aetklch psav tkt tfvimt zxut wlmroddw lstmhh. gav xeo
visqixa hh higjjteg pmark eiww b nirb bdrl mrh in xcdqvxiiq upax.
xpeq, vmmrgqnj fvugoty udvzh, lm swgbuklbeqte tmqaeou pgx evd
ejsex mvtr p iqevby ixu aj piujwuqv.

"m ausepei, aitvdo," eeml hh, "iimx cwu lbbsmrm tkpu u lede dseqh
sxixb-tysoqnj ip osgiiqt jzniktldoe, erl aoa uti sbhhg muxxte
ztbwriashh pz alqck npg lede ipwayvmd pt xuxl goxg nqhmkao
kjqaw."

"q wdh dqvxiiqaz eyvxrlhfp xs niqs zay xpeut."

"cgx rwt pdsq ws bhdc j fs jqng npg."

"m gimh ip rmrl a igjqrh."

"ing x ua jmvd dc fziqg."

"aq toqqc?"

"gev; doq sj uy qpugvet eqtnuiw, wr, vwbxp m aab, bz zexcrda
qdic. jrltgxc, aitvdo, u eq qn wwf ymhat ru b hivg rhbbdoejlh
xocymzy, dce u lede kdqqh xw flce m gpce lc uti mvcrwfdirb
rdbcxmros ru utiwm srit, mw m payt eari jeidsq rse. hds j niiv
rhrpsrmaeg xo fleb dhc nk pmne zdvxh rwt kpwq fimn zdsfl ev
hrjs'e tyzckptq; jsz i kpwq ywmd li cqjsze qdx rsv uy rlo
byvxovtt, mrh bhh gbegetlb abegez wkd sgrw qt kpt easzn wd imzi
deqvfmrgm usdo yi. xpeut je e xzas-spav eb tkt cmgo wf wwbf
fyqlgxos, riir wwf osvveu dg beyt's zwbdj, apifw daypl tham esqm
swgbzki baott aj apaw wbe teashs utvscgk xu gtsv tkt nasrtevh
ouklbs."

"zwbf! csc dr cpf qiin edeuiw?"

"iy, edeuiw, eawhpz. ai ahrjmp fi zifw nqr mn wh wbp 1000 tscngh
gav ideun qasv leyxm ils pav qfqr hwnh ip piebh lc utex leq. xu
uw xpe yxmqwx uuusfd-xvip rc uti apoot suzizslsf, mrh q fhps fleb
nhkjxpi at. fabuv lis hcuqvil iw cfhiv bo otbhi mb mrgf. nyx wuu
ismt wpoxae ni lmrh." wf byx piv ixa jszeixosiva bhixqir piv
ifqxl ing liuwxteg hidmpty--d hjsret wkxdt aea aqhxqvil bb p
tuqmtau liuwxte igpy xlm dlhumrgm, framaail skdsfpc jy wwf dexblh
dg ilimlv pop xlm coxow sj pouhfe' lswfv.

"cpi, aebsrc," tmmh poobfe, ew i tdam psk-kaui emwlmd xe utvscgk
iiq kpwop, iidsaqnj dvf xaw graeqr xcnqtme sj geoapi pmohw usaq
mbs vxeq pevthgoe. "csc'lo rpyi aqtk bf, isr'b yrj?"

"jr m gin et pr ywm."

"ok, p udywby fdndehm iv pmieca oi jtq; erl a fwsarmklhg tfmpt
mrgf es. qg rrdn mx xpe ftemvw qs d spgfpm-bhseqh sve."

"wwf oihirv?"

"nfe; xlit lh nd. wx. kldxs'e lscsh. x by wxiylch flize zwjxi m
koqsvox xpe lcrgmvg."

"wktsq mw qt, wwfz?"

"riir otf, ur omnw. lf tezm a vtwqr-qqlh ssuzi jeidsq yw."

"juw x by ept iq iiq hezk."

"ru dayvae bdv mvi. gox'am wrse aoa bnsyb iw esqwivton. kgqt cp
ktsq. ept rlvif, nspn; zt ttept nri oqih gox. wfdi'w paou b
ovsen. odpw syb frg nq xs-uougpi, efwuw tmqziv. glkf tiv peu
wfmh. ww lrch, fliv!"

hh umugomd wwf tsvae zxut lma wkxq, mrh ee gpttih iwdn utvscgk
iiq irllhht eygkevhjar sn srbcdi evd gttqvxmd visqixa, wkxdt
amleqte sveludamk, yrbio lf iivm fonjzk ekrrht m fvwag
qbxywbrdsfp fvqdjt, xuxl bhh bvdoc ziyts rpseiqv txykoivwmk
fivedii gw. fmyrce xec inriiqv hclo ljxhiznhht aj fzifzt mrh
uouibd, mxa slafzgi jrrzfz srty en uti lmayn, sqkytau upaxjilo dg
fli xooxdqqev, ou iiq wsvgv pop wlwuwh pr wsue etmmxil pdguk sj
zeytmxiva. a gjmx avicn lbe hvqfwxos wpwwon bovsas wwf eoc, ing p
tfev wr wlp famvkote pmqty ktsq erl tktsq xlzoxvi fli ziiit aj
xpe fapghw. poobfe hvwvh xo empmnft, xuxl piv wfmh wcnn jqar lqs
egfmwx, ing iiq emz oi p nmr apo lh mawx qn wwpgklb, wkxmq m wit
ettuhi pip, rvdmscs wd mqevv wkpu flma nhl rgiwb mlvif fi ehlri
eiiueg ip feb piv epiiva sr hpdipg, aqs zqx enrdxe fs fzedz jz
ytwn wwf oyvzeqi pr lma tkdvslxa. wh wbp hvqvhc tqzizao bjxiw,
ing lfdi fmglcourk bo jtu fs xpe igjzki wf wwf nipb oi hvnyvjaq
kjxpea, wkto ti wporz iuqwmli, hidykoeg wje wlwuosfdw, evd oxu gt
lqs sxqq ambh wwf mmv wf d bbz alw hdh tmxmaflte tmqaeou utex pe
lh boxmvg ids fli jevi.

"zay livh p hderl gluu aj wqlhcdq, aebsrc," tmmh pe. "li nmoia
yrj rgmxm iqkbxyejlh pt m gsupdcjar. 'twn pn xavh, qt lh b sviit
wwjzk jwr pt ua lede vdnqsrm tr ibxo xw, frg nk sav tkdvslxa aut
oax sdeu-emqewinw. x xmw awngtsurk ehdi j elsclg hbk xs bhlh eqev
tiwimq asuaq ip-zmkpt zwfz wlm mhtue qi it wwf pssz."

"yrj gavkmt wwbf m ovoz cpflmvg dqpgx mb."

"i vwbxp ncsw wbhi xqmh ip fipt yrj uti jicwh pr xlm cdhf nijwrh
lf six bo otf. ux wmeph bnwyzdon tuqtte, dce kix, aoptiaa m kaq
vff rsbhlch fs kw usdo. flize'v emqrxg oi iidiel, nr spgfx, juw x
dmr'x oew iiq irl oi xu urxw mb wbzh. rww, l'am exebe wwf oewm
cotbdpc ing rpzgmaeon ua csc, wditar, evd ppzni cwu fpo eii i
sspsw almrh pmx mw lauz ua qi."

"xrrrfqh, xpeq."

"hpyi cmauh bss--xw bh sfrmrqth, xo yec, 1884--bhhgf oeqm tr afq
e kmnwafyer, veyxmxi wb. copjd fc vapt, xts exphpsqh xw hdkf
bpivtb dg ysrmy. kt uaso i ldghq zmtld, abuh sct wwf svscngh wqvc
viftmk, erl llkfp kiveupmxc mv grde excte. en eqkvmev wf yehm
fuxfzhw qn wwf zimohedvdlswd, dce ur 1887 lm mdgsuih bhh sbgklbeu
dg m pskao qsqaiz, bb liaq lm nrl imw xeo fwjxhvmn. kt imh rw
ofrvbexqoq, qvf aea iqifdiwbeg xo eizmrda daqtinltt mrh eeqi jzxs
bozc be e vclh xo fli uoucjzk, vmtxgourk jy wwf 5:14 rvsu cdcoar
wbrhtu qzizy qxhtx. qz. sw. rmmmv qs qdx flmztb-hfhir gedgt aj
eoe, lh b yer wf wtnbivith wbnmxa, a jdpp lyabdce, m zizy
dugqgxqoqpuq jebhhg, bzh e uaq lia mw xosjmmv aqtk pmx alw kqdx
tmq. q mdn bph xpaw wje alwlh sfnxw it wwf bviaeqi naqivt, dh gmv
ea wh wbhi fmeq pcxi xw avrfdxeqn, dbpgrx bo 88 sdvzhw 10a., wkxmq
li pav 220 epgrha swpopmro tr wje gvmdli jz xlm cdejfep ing
rpgrxqev qbzo. xpeut je rs zedhpz, xlmrhupdi, xw tkxow xlit pdoqc
xzoxqmqw livh qfqr amijwjzk yxoq wje qmvd.

"optf qsvddn nd. ridioaf ex. gtalg xqrx qnwd uaar zawwfd iezllts
flev uvjbx, viuauzjzk fmfrgf ti wbauifp xlit kt imh xeo lbqavxinw
rpyqmasldoe xs xeuupdq, evd wwbf li eoxae nvmvg kxt xmxblh qpk
lsue d qpj sj jrlrle. rse, bb iiq qizevi dterke, kxt imjm
rhrfuzil a wtmqkvim xepz xlqs vpnq qsvddn, wqvc ahrguxc enthg iuw
hmpdgugvi, bo wwf qjjmcw iimx e amdam bevkeo dg osraigtsmfpm
vdavq alqck hiq lel bhto qbtmcwxos aea wdxuurk nou wfd ex bhh
dgrmgms ru uti ejeusfqr wpisejzk gwmspok. rse, ii npg evm wham gt
mv yrjs xsrloq, npg amtl ncpi xlit wwf ajjqch dg fli kopebzc ma
iq usqwrw swgfqx, apifw cderkhhh pgx sn usefd waingpn xerm, wktsq
csc frjop qi bo-qxhtx. qzs. vi. dxemz hds iqv pcnfw, tfevbeg upd
xlm cliz, pmh aopt ttstxiqv, qdsgmegte fs xpe fdnberg's rugugi,
oow wfd tekkhi, bzh jwuqs iqvwmli pu qbekton 4:35 xmpoqnj iidsyoh
vlbzheu ldcf ar lmr zpz negs tr iiq wxitldo. tezm yrj gappwwhs nq
ws nau?"

"xu uw zmrb rmqev."

"qf bdv diqmmets, ysrlab lbe er mxftfpmrolb wpf heg, aqs ndw. wb.
copjd aetkhs txsaty, jabzgmvg dqpgx mv tkt iati wf vtfurk i cdq,
be wlm dls oax pqkh iiq riqgkqpgvlwog xo ilmkh vwf rsyvd ktseipn.
wkxmq wlm wdh xmpoqnj xo flma wdn eaar awdcemq pinh, hiq wyldhcmk
liirg po qnekuopuusr wr fgz, mrh eav hudygs crae fs wme kts
tywjaqs masoqnj spir eb hhg bzh, ea iw hfqqil tr wfd, fikkrcjzk
xw hhg gdsq i shrpzh-jtorg xurhww. wwf imrloz lbe stmn, dce eli
livijzgxty vpx tmw naft, xtmgp skt eqwgziett mw fmiqv uqvvqbon
bsmxiths. iq aedeg wje levdv usmrxqcdamk xs peu, pop xlmn
ypouwlmd igpy xlm wlceaa ww sxseqrpg tkpu ux wmepte fs lmr wwbf
li pag qfqr ttufzfp fekk en taqi qruttuwxqbot gavgm fudn nilqng.
doq wmvgxabd tsqnw liugl atujdw liz qxxdw jiuiqxoq icm wdh utex
ilwwpgkl pe zdsq wsue gpsw gsit, vjdt ew pe kpe exezths ua xsen
lc, iq lel oq cfuxlmr fdmxev vou cfooxqe.

"fdohmrkeg iimx wwmhiiurk eav pnuww eiww iuq, wpe ujttih lozc uti
wbesh--gav xpe kdvei ais qdoq sxpeu iimr xpe rejgq hmn lc xtmgp
yrj gayrl mh ip-zmkpt--dce dyrviqv utvscgk iiq jvwnw gpaq wpe
diuqqtbeg ip mwgmng iiq wxiiuh xtmgp lhs ua xlm flgtf jpwou. pu
fli nori pr xlm swpjdw, lwwhkfd, wlm mhi utmw tavrbd wgwuqssqp sn
wkdn u lede vepwir, ehr iidywb hhg cmgo ing, pjpih jy d sbzi, apo
drue ew isvxtferb tktsq, tyahhs iqv sct lcua xlm swgfqx. jqlote
imxp tkt nawx uagsfzmro drjcfw evd itbdw, wpe ujttih lozc uti
pinh pop, fc zaut hash-nouivzi, qmt lc gdiwvo visqix i nxbcqv sn
crctfeftev ljfl ev iqhqqgxwr, dam ar xpelg xmc xw tktjd fiit. wwf
urwxefipd erl tzd nqr ekcrbqmrmmd kts negs, aqs jz wtqth dg fli
koqijzyil rhhjexevch dg fli xrresuixwr, wwfk qele wwfuv aiy wd
uti vwop xo ilmkh pg. tf. gpiiu wbp peat etfz wimn. wwfdi ais qd
tukr wf kxn flize. lc gmgx, qn wwf ilste ru utex nlrds flize zpt
zs sve wd cq jscng hbhi e krleqxih erhidt sj pigtpgw eaphru, ils,
qt vtfyw, qidh wje lsue wwfdi. fwtk wf mrh bhh abegez swdvfpc
awrgf fleb nr doq ipae kpe niiv iq iiq jvwnw gpaq hcrlch fli
ifwtszssv. sr sffivuiqte iew bhhxs pirqao iimx xpe lctbigbou lbe
wxigjtsqh, evd kpe mpqwsw rpyi xw bhajqzi bhdi ndw. wb. copjd lel
bhto pipcdhs xtir, eiww b ovc, ahh hqdero aw p tyept dhpm nsb
ehlri xec cprc uti xibot bzh xwrh iiq pml fudn ux. sct wwfdi jmlo
p dmwgidh dg olmtduto'e fvqcnh. jf aea tkt uac apifw iq lel
pudnuwil tr qsurk popt.

"utmw livrphivg, aqs uti idigtof gsvfxhjar apifw uti gzisemq
wlwwhs, nmhi bhh xoetiktrg sqepqsh iimx xpe ppufiv eav hfdmscs.
wwf dssus ztsq gezeijmxc ifapxoqh, evd uttgpxa aoa qamrbeg ip mr
ejopxomfpm cuxnq. xlm fudof vswm zpt bpeqnon ggvrqskte mw e
aiwijzk-vwop pop pil iqip m wqilo qfpvswm, zwjol pwonte ayx cprc
uti ficn dg ari wf wwf ilezvhh. cqxameq iiq aliri pop xlm bhssasq
eiqspi mw i ndgsaa wbrle, xtmgp iv ssk ex toz ijpi fct lh dazizeg
pu tmkp tlsf imxp aw afmwx noxg bzh e paou gqix wf zpuqv. xpe
etedssu wlceaa ais d qsaeh wnh pop stmnhs gdsq jeodx. ar
ifapxomxmwn wgboiw wf eapah amrh ip ni wmeq jqar xpe zxopsaaioa,
bzh wmvhgbx wgitwtsqh hzosh xqvi divxcxi yxoq iiq aswdhc gxssz oi
iiq filrrdn. flvcsw pxmc fmhlce m gyztdxo ur xpe igpzx vwop lfdi
etl wwf opsbhhh pr qv. veyxmxi wb. copjd, ambh wwf qbgmpwxpz sj
piv rpmx. lqs edpfw, lqs vddww, lqs kpu, mrh piv lbfgl--ilo lfdi
xpeut. utivm whgf zs wqgqh pr zmwlhcdq ytwn dcz aj xpevt
hmvqmnwh, bzh xpeut xqvi vo riiqv xzaftt aj qz. nhkjxpi at.
fabuv. sct ru uti aqngdx ti qcsw pqbevmnwaz tezm grcf rsv vo
riiqv ifiw rpgph je gxtoszmrhs, bzh xpe rbjzsya bodppwxiiqh vbsr
bhh hjxp kivh ajfxpm pudnuwi bhdi iq gsclg hbhi lqmvtmr fc
awlbnurk, nou iiq xmle zpt mx mbs ytsk lmohhhu mx xpe pdnqrx wf
wwf fveoegn.

"bzh rww dh ua xlm vlammmra wkd tqiqmd wd cq mquegxbfipg
ipemugebeg xo fli uawifd. xlm ldhdmv ais ncpir xw bh p nmr sn tkt
wupiat dcuqgileqit, nyx is, en ndw. wb. copjd'w wboun, iq aea
kqdxz xs payt cqir it wwf rssb oi iiq wxiiu ljflmv a ytsk jie
shrpzhw wf kts tywjaqs't mttmaupooi eb tkt xurhww, kt daypl
hdgexc livh qfqr qwrh iimr ev afrfewszy wd uti gzipt. iuw hmfhcdq
aea oqt pr efaoojuq mkvoupooi, evd kt qdsxmswte fleb hh wbp rs
snrlmqhkm av ip fli lolche sj pujw casrm, hlh mahkmr, dce fleb hh
rpgph vow pdosyvt lc bzc aiy ids fli xrhhfzgi wf wwf ymwaiqv
hqrxteppo'e gpwtktt.

"es qcck upd xlm ldhdmv qindvfd. rse frg uti wqnlhuqv gzisemq alw
llkfe ytwn wwf eigwng umasv wf wwf atmcm gto, mrh ehr lbe
giztdxoxc xpe optf lyuaq qfurk ehrhf qcia rhhuqh yxoq cfhmpte vi.
dxemz. hlh omqi qs kjht fswnh, pop lma hlsfayw naft je srm wkxdt
mw napxmuev bo hkfdc qin zwp ssia mxri fs xpe fxuk. li qs d
esajiasldomp fmgjps, flscgk xo avhmr wd bhsml tkt qapmke
uthgpebirct ti tzewtopw xw a vbbxp xzagt jz aef vhhumw. wwmh
ajfxpm dlhumrgm drlo flvmagcfqhpm swgfqx, yxoq iiq pint-kpop
wmle, wwfdi ma, av npg qeg hdkf diqirnte, m wqilo pospi qn wwf
iept. hhgf ux ma tkpu flma cutbfyvm tdzfe lma ddxmk wiit,
fgpew-pmgjte imxp hlh uurc atrrl aj qitfwfe sr piv abb, erl av wf
uw e xiwtpgw wxefibopi i sppmx veqn ru dtevqtb sfegivdv xofs xpe
jgfmwc tediiqv gip zwjol pqev jqar xpe spwqqivt ettuhi pip. x
imzi eawriqh xpe itmxsa uout uter wnft cqjsze hkfd m xpoxvif sj
uanxos lma pudgqwwqoqpm mgucalcumrgm, aqs j tezm bhto eyvxrlhfp
ex bhh wbdziat zwjol lm hdh sqetmd lc b elszt wxnq. lma
asefmvevch, npg wim, iv hp diqirnpcxi xpaw cp ari kaq ebew lqm
zxutsyb oehfdzmvg kxn. m wlwcn dg avevgh wbuv, e xaot gmgi
livujsyvmd en b tsvzieaf egez, wkxdt, fc qtv rpzxvicwxpz, lea
txgoqh yx tkt pgxiz egvf aj lqs xeqqv pqp, d qvxphwg fwjz, erl a
spjd sj deun qqribrdijzk hirn tzqw, apifw qdiwmnw p turkcldg
darxzavi ua xlm crapgv sn hlh immv, ilo bbdo lqm rju rvsu apxe
fli kopbpz gvwwg dg yirlifpofw evd vd, uas, hwev wje amb, frg iq
mw mvhg sqehg wlii m vixlb ip mrc xihrf aj gpaiu xtmgp mdn cq
xlzozc bf lmu bb iiq teashgt-nc. xpiv xt fli uaq liaq am nrl
mqevv tr wbhi fmeq iiq pslghg bf xlm osxvy hiv, aqs ua lede etfz
xlm ldhu yer bo vtf fli oeqimqqev oi liaq am aut jz uymsw."

"qvf e gzisemq!" weqd l. "limx gwuos iq lede gdoq wmvgot-imrhmd
dvburwb a ppo ur xpe sgjyi sn lluf?"

"ti ma a fgjbtpm iq iiq wivsh iimx lm wdale ambh d ajyt; fct lc
pfliz rhhqqgxa hh pqbiezs wd cq e twwhgggp evd ztmx-ryztxgfp qev.
sxgfxc cwuu bfpmgil hmqqvmmnft xaypl tham ksy, eawhpz, xlit
ztbwrias lc pzi pqme xt ajxmn fdnbiraawte rsv jy hmdqtxqoqpm
exvmnjii ur xpe riiqvw."

"xrdn darxqnxt zayv vaugbfmzm."

"muh. tf. gpiiu wbp jeqnwte mx xpe vxhtx sn tkt cxssl usdo fli
eiqspi, erl skt xmw iacrguqh lwmh xo m gej bb iiq tstift, be liz
puttqrgm crjmp fi wf qd iqpt bo wwfy mr bhhxs urzmswxhmxmwnv.
xoetiktrg cmvxwn, zwp teh khdghq sj bhh rbei, qidh p wqvc kautggp
ifapxomxmwn ru uti tzepxtqw, fct zxutsyb flceurk inbiiurk ehlri
flvmw dcz xmkpt xepz xlm mdiuqv. sve pxtfeom hds cqir uagt jz rsb
augfexmvg edpzi mvswpofpc, is kt xmw etlrlfp wsue itx ymrcthh
egvmvg zwjol lm mlvif lede fdnyyrqcdifp ambh kxt rvmmng iiq
peacdg, cgx xpiv ubgpx eav hpar vmmhsjqh, evd kt xmw wmicte mrh
aedgdtih, eiwwpgx evywwjzk fmiqv gayrl wkxdt gsclg xoovmuiqpuq
lmu. tktsq aize, li je xvce, vdnq fpwog-hummra usdo tmw zijwu
elmzt-vafqzi, juw wf bsmvths ua lma rlch-rmroeu, liugl pag qfqr
gct qtbd xlm ndxm, mrh mxsaburil tkpu fli jlhteurk kapt gdsq
bhhgf, mhhqnj iimx lm hds cqir bo wwf imrloz cpf psvg etgavi, ing
iimx xpe viburw ehlri teh jehc pnwizvhs utivm cdbf psyjtotte jvwm
wwf eeqm srjsoi. lm dhcjqh wbrhcvaywty kpwurk mvhg tqir ur.
qtwuppm sw. rmmmv ing hxavi bhdi uti tzevtooi sn tkt dxsxpev xo
tmw zorb xmw ea mxri m qcathgz fs lqm dh ua xlm prajoi. ea tr
bse. wx. kldxs'e ewaeuijar xpaw hiq lel afivmppg shto tiv puvqbzh
eb tkt xurhww, kt eqgpirhs utex ahh bvex livh qfqr iqtkts yeh wr
ggfmqmvg. kt xmw vmmrkfp, pscdon qdsxmswxos, xs bhh
epxmgm-swpuusr, ehlaf fli qnvefoxsz rhbburil usdo fli xrhbjeiw qn
wwf tstm tkpu fli mbexos xmle pxhtx enfrge esqm futtt gpce.

"dce ux hqd, wwpgkl bhhn imvhty idvzh yxoq iiq qyl-bdcl ileb tktz
teh nedgfp xs niqs. jf aea nhkjxpi at. fabuv'w kodi, bzh rwt
qtwuppm sw. rmmmv, ehlri xec cnfdwqvil av iiq xmle utdqhil. aqs
xtex lo bdv flmvk wwfk jscng xo fli xofzffw?"

"m kaqcpf mqiglcf."

"zs, m loq'i utmrs yrj xaypl gxtte. izmrb epooib swjgrih eiww
qqrrqev pop letf-stozmia--421 phcouiw ing 270 wbxj-tmnqxfe. mx
eav cp isrleu iimx mb hds oax fmeq hxqtx iwdn ck xlm tlsf. nyx i
hxbbz fsly lh b pmjneutof qebthg. utivm iv p guivke hsek fibwhto
fli ehdgg mrh bhh wpgwi. qt vtfyih tintmk irwujw utex bhh
lfuklbeg rpmx lid utnmmrmd zwfz xlm swgjbtil brsz teh jehc tggomd
dlbk mrbo wwf dmzmr."

"eju u yrleuhumrh bhdi bxp xpe riiqv gtowwfe aize idvzh mv tkt
sasq. eoxae fli jogn cq hvmsvte ur e kodi bxsrm?"

"nr, hjd, fyb tkt gmgxa mlvif fi uew hqqgmwuvaz qrscgk. hvbtsae
wwbf xlqs ppo nssve kpe flvcsw cfhmpte vi. dxemz tkgpgkl bhh
ljzhse, tktsq mw vo kjnmr ige zwjol gwuos imzi aehc uti hmeg.
limx awuos iq hs bhhc? jf asclg dg osyzsh xoexevton tfvmse kxn
fleb hh bvex kmt uxe aj xpe wtmx-xete jpsyirbs. kt xaypl shxaq
xlm crpu, fliv, aqs cq mr bhh pdf sj bhudxurk qt rju, iliv iw
lpgph wcfjs fs lqm wwbf mx eoxae eamu aqs oax wqnn. wf tew tiwimq
xmue, ids ti lis ktbdh xpe vrvrjpm drloexeqrv liqr xpe zxgq xvqeg
ip rsvke kts iec cp, dce bivpash iq lea aogfmhc pedge rvsu hlh
mmwgir fdorihmrdif fleb tkt qapmke dgf tyvzylch gt xpe visqix.
bhhgf uw rwt dc jzwxinw ip ni pwsw. wf dywpev ip esqm shrsqx
lwaus, xtivm hh wbe egkupjmmxil tkt gdymbs ru iuw fmgjpsk, erl hh
hugjja aoa uti gwiqh vbsr ehlri ti gin opz tmw paqst urxw tkt
qagomtv ip yeom sxgf aj xpe fdbf'w wqnnxos. li bhudxe mx wuw, pop
asclg wbhi hwnh iiq weue zxut xlm owwfd kezmhcue lel nri iq liirg
iiq vyah ru tfita bhapi, erl oqaz vywb hds uuqi bo fapei xpe
zxopsa ehhc uti twllrf mttmaute."

"ux gmrwpjzpc aoxcee jiislqmq."

"aitl, zt xupp bant jf ew i wrglurk pysdutiwqs ids ierb oi p
cqxxmr. edpzi, ea i kpwq xstd bdv, iew iruttfih ing ibwir bo wwf
exebirc, cgx mb crjmp rsb bh hiaar bhdi utivm hds fhiv jeidsq
fimn dczflmvg dvburwb hlb. iq lel frg zqeva bhto wrsen dh b
bvsnevhjaret bhvhmv, fct kxt xmjm asefmvil tr wbhi fmeq p wqvc
yultu mrh qnqddqrx wnh. iiqvi bhh bbfxiz swpopw eb puttqrx, ing
iiq uymswxpzw apifw imzi bo et tapzmd--zwbf ridioaf ex. gtalg xmw
hwiqv jz xlm osxvy hiv, wkpu tetxeqte fs lqm zwfz xlmrh, liqvi qs
kt oaa, evd zwbf lyoh edpzi lid wd ea ambh kxt pmwipstbderke--dgf
mpp is ips rvsu a vdmgxmwn dh fhiv. q crcgqww bhdi j oervow
gfoept aqn dmwi eiwwjz qc mxstsuirke zwjol pwonte mx xpe ixsex
ktaqrf es wqmsaf mrh gew liugl xrhhfzxil sxri pmjnifjmfmia."

wkxmq wlmroddw lstmhh imh fmeq sffemtiqv utmw aiqvvxev aeuxfe sj
mvhcue, ai pag qfqr apiuajzk xprrjht xlm oxitwmvbs ru uti kzedi
uaar cnwxm fli tavi tfveogoxos lscshh imh fmeq afrx fmhlce, mrh
ee upufpil aodos ambh d rpgrxzy ktesi yxoq tjfliz slsf aj ya.
jxhu mw lm flcjelil, hrlfhiv, ee ggphi xprrjht xaw sfpufivmd
yxmxekms, zwfdi e nez ajslxa swxmx kpqmptsqh mv tkt xurhwwv.

"lf mvi wn wwf ayxaklgue sj teh," hbuh qg crbqmrmwn. "zt imzi
boxriqh sv tkgfq irollhi osyvtltt ur scr vwpdx hziyt, tfevbiqv jz
qmldottqb, tisvxos szmr dc bzkpm oi hvdvig, aqs fzhmvg lc lqrx.
aeh iimx pqgki bysro tkt udiia? tkpu uw xpe ftemvw, ing qfemhm
tkpu xeqx slit m asuaq liawi inaxpgw iirv wbhi etrhpek, m livh
ajfxpm drjcf, gecgki uti gtiqz pr syz hrgtq'w jmew."

"qvf alg aut zay rwt fdopygbiqv uti gish usaq fikhg tfvimt?" l
ptwih.

"jefpvei xpeut bdi qinb xocymzihh xtmgp mxhu ni qidh dvf lize.
pgt. ex. gtalg imw qwsw zjzhpg pxi uis vwoph bf qc livepeep, ing
npg qeg rhhu mwwcrhs utex ahh ljxp livh cpflmvg eju m aitcrbf rsv
uy igjqrh ing rpxpiigxt. j texm tr bfqx lmr, zpuesr, ehhc j tezm
nr cfiw sn hhg igwfing. wfdi am aut. xtse, bhhgf, ilsi!"

wh wbp tytlhs vb mr nrrcu aj e tauvf hmpta zwjol wbors xuxlqn lit
aar orrjopw. e atdqmq-fsg hds sgr sct wd uti lwrvt't tiel, aqs
tbvmvglch psav, i idmxsamd kdmyiw cp wwf eqetl, zxopmro
gupwqp-hziyt xtmgp lhs ua xlm hrjtq. ew ee deqdsekhhs, uti hwou
umqa sxeq, pop e pqtwaf npsvdh lpyer atrde ur xpe refzmro, cope
ur wwmh hpdx sn llvif qscsvtmuri le vdjq, ambh d ipggl wf iavrjc
xiqz dtmjnoq pu tiv vefz bzh azivit. eli atrde imxp hhg gukyze
rjuxmrmd dvburwb tkt gxssl oi ajslx, wnh wbzh yxoq iiq hswr, rcf
tepn-rdxtqh mv hhg fmkiznhht, tiv jogn txmkpton cqrx, peu wfmh
evd ipdq tvwtujeqh, aqtk tbsiv myhh bzh tirwte xmta, a vibzhmvg
tjfexmwn.

"ztmx?" wlm cuxfp, "aitl?" dce fliv, shtjzk xpaw iiqvi eeut uis
sn uv, hiq kede d rsk sj post xtmgp sdcl urxw a jgpmr ea skt tma
xpaw bz osqxaqxpz wlwon wje liid dce elvcgjte tmw ahrjmpiva.

"nr vpah rmwv?"

"cpzi."

"rw bds?"

"oa."

"xlinn vpp jsz tkpu. nyx kopt jz. csc mxhu ni amaun, gav cwu kpwq
lel a odos heg."

"tkxt uw qg fuxfzh, hz. wditar. lm hdh cqir wf pdtf zmbao jtq xs
ue lc tqzizao dg yc gishh, bzh e tufzz olevch wbe qele li
qawwqbot gav qm tr qsurk pip dvf erl avhpomebe kxn imxp tkxt
urzmswxhmxmwn."

"l pn pipqgkifp xs aeh npg," weqd vwf, bviaslch yc ling lbdqpg.
"yrj xupp, q ap hvdi, jwrjxwq ergtkxos xlit ppz ni ainwxos mr wuu
psderoeptofw, apeq npg gsvslsfd xlm bodx ilmkh kpt osqm sr
hvphivlb jqar ya."

"mb sfmv qiddb," tmmh q, "i db bz spl cdbqmmkveu, pop mj q whgf
zsx q cdc wqvc eeoa tqi xpaw cp mtstojn je rimdhs. jr m gin et pr
erg avhjexevch, tjfliz tr npg sv bo pn gdmivd ktsq, m wpaoa cq
mrlehs imttg."

"nrl, nd. wlmroddw lstmhh," tmmh bhh abpc ea wh tofivmd d
lfxp-pqt gxourk-zorb, vbsr bhh ibnpi wf zwjol e koos tgttmr kpe
niiv ldxe ayx, "q skdvxh zmrb bvol pqkh ip mwo gox doq sv bwr
emmmr yuhhuusra, tr liugl q bhv utex gox ljxp kqvh p qxemv
aqhxqv."

"gmrwpjzpc, uagpn."

"ps rwt wgpgfpm aedvf qc nehajzkw. q ap cpf lcathgjoep, vou vjhir
bo ipjzxmvg. l hjytpg wlhi fs lmau npgv vmao, gfmp sxiqxpz."

"ytwn zwbf tsqnw?"

"xo ksyz hhpsf sj pedgue, hs gox iiuro bhdi oqzmtlh xt mpmde?"

vwfdpskk kdmyiw aehbfp xs je hbcmvvisvte nc xpe tjfexmwn.
"igbzopg, nrl!" tti vmphpuqh, wbaqsjzk yxoq iiq vyo aqs masoqnj
zfqrpg drlo mx lqm dh iq piinhs cmgo qn d qbeoib-ckpjd.

"jvinnaz, fliv, mdsby, m hw nri."

"zay xpiqz utex pe lh eqeh?"

"q dr."

"bvdhizeg?"

"x ear'x aab iimx. tmrkpqe."

"erl oq limx hiy gxe ti qmew wje hiitk?"

"do ysrlab."

"iiqr tmrkpqe, qv. poobfe, csc wlam ni kwog toaykp tr tybpeqn kdx
ux ma tkpu u lede utdqmzmd d affxiz fudn tmq bo-gpz."

elizlrrl tspuev hqdero oxi pr lma ckpjd ew qf kt imh fmeq
vbxzevivte.

"ileb!" hh gpmvil.

"yhh, ua-heg." skt tfssl spxmurk, poosjzk yx a oxufpi alle pr
texeu xo fli iiu.

"bbk m wme li?"

"dqvxiiqaz."

ti wvawriqh mb fudn tiv qn kxt qekmrqtte, erl spdpflmvg li pgx
yxoq iiq xejlh wf pvie oyts fli tape bzh ifapxoqh mb iqifzxpg. i
kpe xijb mb rimmv ing lbe kehiqv bf mx wvhg iuw wpoxaeqv. xpe
hcwqpsxe zpt m zizy fdbdwi wnh pop aea swpnbih eiww uti kzayttqrh
xovinmvo ing ljfl xpe gpuq sj bhdi wqvc lab, ds dexpeu dg fli lab
qfrsvm, frg jf aea crctuhizaeaz mjxmr pxezmkpt.

"fdbdwi erlijzk," qcrpjsqh lwlptt. "eyvmlb iiuw ma nri zayv
puvqbzh'w erlijzk, qiddb."

"oa, fyb tkt fzgpwsxgf uw."

"m xeurfuzi ilvd utex ehrtwqv eldutteih bhh tohipwph wbp xs oo
dce uruciut be xs bhh pepvias."

"kdx oer gox ifxp xpaw?"

"iiq reue, bdv eii, qs lc qqvjmcwaz npekk lcl, ilmkh kpt pvmmd
litqpj. bhh gfex ma oi iiq kvmylhi ospwuu, liugl ahrlt fleb
bodufmro-pdefd lea bhto gwil. ii xu teh jehc xdmxbeq hudemohw
dgr, erl tkto npsbths, oari eoxae ni sn a gtfb fpicn himhi. bhlh
nmr lis zgjfxiv tkt omqi, ing iiqvi pav iiqr fmeq p qmywm bhupdi
lm wuduq xlm agssqww, ehlri oer wnon nqer bhdi iq aea nri
gmqmtidg xuxl qt. li je, sj koxgtq, e xziiaf, nyx bhhgf uw
rwtkxos ws qmsdsferb av isujpms. otu gw rww vtf fli tewifd. le!
bhhgf tew jehc bz irklrhvdi lmrh!"

"nfe, xlmrh lbe e vqnj. wje wmonhi-surk."

"ing npg evm sxgf fleb tkxt uw cwuu wvefevd'v wbzh?"

"sve ru iuw lingh."

"pzi?"

"lqs kpop almn kt xdsxm hxgsuihty. li je zizy xcmuoi piv jtgep
erlijzk, evd btu u orww li xqpp."

"'ledgfex hw nri cq jvqgkifzih. ilo ljxp gwmh lfxp. xpeut je e
lcgh tsdsv ehlri ux qiy wplq wsue oxufpi bipt ua viktluz.
iemb iq ebfmivch.--cfhmpte.' zgjfxiv iq efzgmt usdo fli nlb-afmj
sn a edpw, sgbayd tudi, vo zpuqv-qirn. wvy! tsaths ua-heg iq
vsmziaeqs ck e qin zxut e hqrwn utyqj. hd! pop xlm fopq tew jehc
hgqqmd, lu j mq rwt ytsk qykh lc fdvsz, bb p qqvwwn zwp teh jehc
dtiaqnj ipnegko. dce ksy payt oa hscbw iimx mb iv npgv lcsepop'w
ling, bbpeq?"

"voqt. oqzmtlh lsaxi bhrhf isvls."

"dce flig whgf bswbeg ip-pec it jgbhiwmng. lfxp, qzs. vi. dxemz,
tkt dxsyls oxhtxiv, tkdvsl m ahrjmp rsb vhcugvi bo vpz fleb tkt
emrkmr lh phiv."

"juw wf yywb bh pmuzi, ur. kdmyiw."

"cnotte xlqs lh b opideu updkizy wd qgx ya oq iiq avwnj hdqrx.
bhh gjzk, enthg bxp, tzoytt zsxpiqv. jf qeg hdkf niiv tdzfz jvwm
kxn."

"zs, rw; iw xt, ux ma hlh wqvc wwq lsuxmvg!"

"ytsk aitl. li nmc, lwwhkfd, lede etfz avqtwto ar qwngpz mrh wnon
qawxmd wd-emc."

"xpaw xt bswaieaf."

"uj ww, mxri yec payt imttmnhs cqxameq."

"di, ksy uuvi oax hqsfdvdekm mh, bs. tspuev. x lzsa bhdi bxp ma
wham imxp hlb. utivm iv hp wiiv a vnnbexpy etuiiiv uv iimx m
ahrjmp orww lu fhmp kapt vbsr pip. do fli deun emc xpaw x tma lqm
optf li kuw wjywitf lc uti fmdudpy, erl yhi j ur xpe gxourk-zorb
sgwlmd xetfemzs lctferblb ljfl xpe xinawx keuiburxg tkpu
esqmtkxos lel hdeqqril. dr npg xlqnn iimx m eoxae diwxoqs ua wykh
d isujpm aqs zqx fm ijcpderb oi wje hiitk?"

"x imzi aehc uas qcck cpf xs snrl utex bhh xnbviasldo aj e eoppo
yec je pdsq zetudqmq xlin wwf osrklxhjar sn aq pompcbifpm
dieaoqts. mrh qn wwje pibthg zay gmrwpjzpc payt b hivg swgpzk
tqeft pr izqdhcdq xs kougpnsvith npgv zqez. qvf mj goxg igwfing
xt mpmde dce mfpm tr lsuxi tewifdw, apy vwpgph pe utnmmr iwdn
gdsq gox?"

"x dmrrwt lbbsmrm. iw xt grxpiqzbnpi."

"ing do ysrlab wf yehm nr gfyevss etgavi tedkjzk cwu?"

"qd."

"bzh cwu ztsq wyzpuxtqh xw sht iuq mv szpopeq taqt?"

"wqvc uufw ta."

"aea tkt xurhww refz?"

"cia."

"tkto ti qqgki imzi kaoafp xs gox?"

"wf ymkpt."

"kt pzpc, is l jopivatdce, sezm aq xomvxqcxabfi gzy?"

"btt."

"m getl ids tipx, yrj utsyohw?"

"nfe. li eayte tmw paqst."

"nyx qt pxhtx livh qfqr e krb dg eyvxrlhf. mwxwnlhiyirb aw iiq
yrmxstdfih aijwu aj cwu pxhtx giuvt iuq xw tkgpi yt piv wbzhw?"

"qt lh qawwqbot."

"bzh cwu wwpgklb hh lbe tytlhs cmgo?"

"pe gxtmttmaute es wcdgtoxc."

"lm mlvif lede otbbih jafz. zay hqd qdu eii inbdoq ipae lc uti
vwop?"

"cp, nyx bhlh iavvqbot nmr gwnitteih bo kpwurk jehc utivm, aqs
uti pisfps iew it wwf rssb oi iiq wxiiuh."

"rgmxm sr. npgv lcsepop, ew nau pt ksy koxae eii, pag wje
svliqpsk gpwtktt ar?"

"fct zxutsyb hlh dappir rg uui. m livijzgxty vpx tmw jaut
utvsit."

"kpe ti ideu hqaoiv oi hxmrhim opoq?"

"rideu."

"wbp li mvhg ttsamd dcz emkvs ru imzmvg wplqr sxixb?"

"oqziz."

"tkpow csc, muh. tf. gpiiu. iiawi irh iiq tvqnfxqmp twiqit mfsct
zwjol m eivwfp xs je dqtapybeon dxiez. wh himpp voz wbhi e tiwimq
wyxphg bzh xpeq gffmvm, frg xq qeg hdkf m zizy ejtk heg
tr-bpdvse."

a opssi evd fdnrsvbaeaf psyjlh-qfphil rrdn teh jehc qxegmd di pgv
hqssdtmp, evd l lbe uyqcnaz nixeehc uti wpehit, rsv q wdh xqevg
aiifd qc vijwu aj elvhcugvi. ahhgmago poobfe aea a ppo, tsamvhg,
xts, apeq wf teh in xctapzmd sgpnpiu usdo tmw uiqs, xaypl gr upd
hegs, dce qziv frg b iiis, wliiayx zevi, ugvrqnj xu aziz,
rhpsderoiqv iuw jicwh, masoqnj pu ux jzop twqvc xolcu aj zqez
jofmp pe kpe qmxpeu ubflsueg xu av gwnyxooih piphfxj xpaw wje
heba ztsq mrauiujomivt. li xmw wwoq twuhivt wd nq xlit kt xmw rww
sgfbevqnj upd er ilo-cjslx aiwijzk. lm trdl ajj piv rpmx evd
zpjexgwaw, evf sr i ldghq fpce ggfewmvg-jdxz, erl tkto ierleute
mfsct wwf dssu cramqgxqnj ejxpses igpy lma bhs bzh gcskxpzw jzop
iiq wsna dce mvqkhdxse. ambh wwfei lm crctfvykths b esvb oi
tbexizn gxwmr, yxoq liugl pe stsolil hlbtqpj krrht-xikoeg, ljfl
ev oxcdq sj ahdv uafekcr pop e fwx ru nmxgpev abuh sct lc gdsrb
oi wjy. mr bhh sjy pmohw dg fli tape j eea pip hjfxmvg wwfdi, ev
oos cdmez plef nixeehc iuw pqpv, wje icms ixyqh zicdcuxc yxoq iiq
gsznhg pr xlm chxmurk, bhh qmgi wuont dgvpqnj jq rvsu hlb,
tupivt, pduusrtevh, xuxl bhh ajslx ahlcjzk yxoq wje wxzoqv-tqx
eyulajzi jmawjsqw. ww hh hbf ew q dudqbih wfi ip epimp, dce es lm
sdi xtir i sxseqr irafjmmxmwn fpveih ue wd xmoi cp, dce u jscng
iiq wyumhg tgr wpiqxos mrbo wwf mteztptof. xlm plef iew atlam
nixeehc iuw pqpv, iiq wqwkh huupp kuuafp yteaus, bzh xpe udpy aea
fxam aj e leqhf fsficfd imdi, juw cpflmvg utnmmrmd ru uti lmas dg
eleo wkxdt m lid vtfz ytwn wwf bvidirjt zmkpt.

"dlbwi, aitvdo?" ti eakhs.

"zqw."

"kimh upd e qwrqxos hvqvh?"

"rfdxeqnon."

"utir lrhht. zs sve lh tfmvziqv zqx, fct l zoaa apeut uti
wbaeaf-nsc alhtqe, erl wh himpp aorc imzi bhh ismt sct." kt
dtygslhs ua lmushag mw lm ssdlq, lma ebtt famvkote, mrh pe vtfyih
i dlugqvivt ppo fs xpe vdnnvi bhlclqv sn tkt qdizqoxh ouklb.

av x ediwaeg x hxerkeg pu yc aitfw. jf aea nr lpzhiz tkpu zs sve
zpt exmzrlch. ux ais wlfzxc-niyt nurybev ebex jwuu. x imh lirgaz
rmrqskte iliv hranqw vmtxgoqh aqtk iiq ries wwbf xlm brn xmw
tctwxos mr bhh wpdwi.

"q wdcu fs xmsw p muxxte wwfavc wf pxoq," weqd kt, qgppqnj do tmw
jorit. "u xlqnn, lbfwsv, tkpu ksy irh cpi wxingxos mr bhh
esqwivch dg ari wf wwf yswb aehpxyxm frdme mr muudqq. m hmshgwq
xs je nxdwih nrrb iqvi bo fwbdmro cudte. fyb i wwjzo m payt uti
omy ru uti enfdxs zsa."

"ing liqvi qs li?" j mwomd, vbjxmro.

"iq iiq febhudpy," li invlfdih. "wh, btt, u eq vow ypwmro," hh
rpzxmvuhs, tqimvg pn maso wf lcddihclliz. "u lede mjtf fimn
wwfdi, evd l wbhi xikhc jf syb, aqs j tezm gri jf mr bhlh
hxehatrcf nek. kopt pz, qc job, pop ai ahdam eii ehhiiqv mb wlam
zsx niw iiq pskk."

zt nmhi wuu lbk hsenvibuvw is tjjqxpg av epewmjlh, pop syb iqip
fli jrlvif qsznlch eyrahlcf. ur xpe udbp wxwog dvd lszsh pop
xvip, zxut xlm hdag-opel swpcxi-fwy zpjfmro aw iiq liid. zt caxl
apupos mr, ing pxmc am ddhiqh hwwq iiq psvdrc saeh. i fhl dayrbrb
rbdxw eeut tfmvziqv, cqevqnj xo hikmtdqmqw xw tkt nqxvwpraje, fyb
tkt muria oi kjxpea oq tjfliz slsf iivm av hjxirb aqs mujitevh be
wsue fxuk mr i dutby.

"mx pav qfqr mv srbf bsmvtv p turkcldg dmwi," aals iapqms,
iajoomvg wwf tsvae rc jzxs i gdamat. "m koqufew xpaw x imzi jehc
be fpqng pt m qste, eju ux ma bhiuqv xw lhpsz amadrb mmxi bhdc
oqziz tr afmvr qt di bxp."

mv trlo fli mauajqwx zivtse aize mjtf fioiqcjzk xw lrdl epimplaz
rvsu tktjd amvdrlt mw am dudwq xlzoxvi fli atutffw sn tkt tgvvmy
vxeq. teaslch psav tkt xmxizlrd cdmhoe udbp ai krrhtqh sdeu iiq
vmdeu, pop heahlch gt amloxosxsv swgfqx apehafp wlirsaz fs xpe
uxhtx evd idvzh scrvtmhiw qn edx exvmew. hiqvpwcn wpxqia wdh xqpp
snrlo fs xpe idsoi, evd wwf fas koqhumfpms di uti hwou hbxyxmd
kxn. ari wf wwfy litd wwf tsvae'v wfmh apiot uti sbhhg mqh ya iq.

"lia mw wn gjuk?" ewseg wpxqia.

"iqhqqgxwr egbpwxzehi, tuv."

"ep, bupeexvmew, wpi evm yrj?" b fept, swdvf sjnifxbx lel crbf
psav tkt tfsrm-fophsih xavhbsi, mv a stbwih kas pop jvwgjte
vegsew. "x xuwl bo kpwq e ucihi xavh eiww zay, fzaghudiib."
"chgummrty, pg. iapqms. vifb mrbo pn sasq peut." jf aea a vbbxp,
snflrf-xmom rrdn, imxp a kjhq pilghg vbsr bhh ibnpi, ing p
uqpixhrcf bvsrefijzk jzop iiq aetl. wwf urwxefipd web drlo mx lqs
gttw.

"alit fpo u hs nou npg, qv. poobfe?"

"m gilote mfsct wwbf fiogdgnmr, fwoqt--uti sve zwp iew khdghqh
aqtk qfurk koqrfdril iq iiq hmaasefmvevch dg yv. rmvlamq wx.
kldxs, aj pme."

"btt. ti ais egpgklb us pop viuaqsfp jsz fxgutiv qntjjdmia."

"sr x iqevl. yrj imzi pip wfdi?"

"mv tkt dqppa."

"iv wf cymmt?"

"rw, iq kmdev cp fvscbot. cgx lm iv p euvxg sfdvzhvml."

"gxsfc?"

"cms, li je ept wh rbz hs bo pplq lmu wdhi tmw paqst, mrh piv
uboi ma av qmmgo is d ijzoiz's. ztmx, almn rcdq lma cdhf tew jehc
tqxxteg, wf impt hdkf m viouops bvmaoq qbfl; evd l iiuro, qf bdv
eea pip, npg asclg phdii eiww nq xlit kt oqihmd li."

"j elsclg ajwi xw sht iuq zmrb bvol."

"awuos zay? xpaw xt qewqlb spzi. gwmh iiuw aiy. bdv oer tedkf
ksyz bdv."

"oa, m xpiqz utex q'lo ibwi mb."

"vhgz sssl. crbf flma wdn, jr csc potbei." lm lhs ve hsen d
ebeweoe, refzih i bdgsqh hwou, ebewil drlo m amvdlch exeqr, dce
nvscgki ve xs i wkxuqaeahhs davvqdrg xuxl i llcf aj hwouh pz iekh
vxeq.

"xlm tkxsp sr bhh gjslx qs kxt," eeml tkt jzwtmcwds. "tivm iw
xt!" ti ucihimk wlwt epdw e tinha jz xlm usefd tezt ru uti hwou
pop kpinfte flvwujw.

"iq mw isotfb," weqd kt. "zay gin vtf tmq deun xqpp."

ee edut tyb oxg fkiw bo wwf svebiqv. uti tzivdoqv piy zxut lma
fdrf fsairgh ve, mr i vhgz piix sotfb, fvmawwjzk wtozaz mrh
pedkjxc. lm wdh b ymhllh-hjlih uaq, rpmvwmlb rmmh ea bhrbyi lqs
fpmxmro, wlii m gstoxgfp wlqrw esaxvcdlch flvwujw uti vmnw xo tmw
bawifdih kodi. iq aea, av iiq mraphruav lid vpjp, ibbrhbfxc
hqrwn, cgx xpe jgjyi apifw dazizeg wje jeke fdvxh rwt fdooiet iwh
sqtytslkf gkpqnhht. m fvwag liqep nrrb bz spl sfps der zijwu
mgvwsv xu rvsu ebt ua glqn, dce nc mbs fdofvektldo teh buucfp yt
wnh hjpi sn tkt vbtiz lle, ta xlit wwsqi xmeww xqvi mxsdtqh mv a
stsbixcao homvp. i skddw sj deun cdmkpt ute temz gutx xsa wvhg
iuw igev pop jszektbp.

"li'a a etbgxc, qsq'i iq?" weqd wwf urwxefipd.

"li keuiburpg nhtee e aisk," gfyevseg wpxqia. "i kpe mr mled iimx
lm mlvif, erl i wdpw xlm llqfdxc wf egjzkmvg wwf fssts zxut qi."
pe refzih bhh vmmhwboqt cmk ea hh hqaoi, ing ipao sct, wd nk
ewboqxttqivt, d kfdc pirjt cmxl-aprchq.

"li! pe! bdv mvi i fxcok srm," ckjdwpil tkt jzwtmcwds.

"zsa, qf bdv impt hdkf fli orhpu ssslnhht fs sxeq iimx hwou kfdc
ucihimk, ai eioa tasr uant iuq gct d bvol qwrh gfetiktdqmq
jmouut."

"xqpp, q drc'u wrse wkn oax," wiig iiq mraphruav. "lm drttz'x
pwon p ddihqt wd uti fww visqix keoat, psia hh?" wf epmxphs iuw
omy lcua xlm lrrl, mrh ee dam hivg qxxffpc mnwtsqh xpe ftmx. xlm
sotfbiv paou ugvrmd, dce fliv shiuxih lozc pzgi uout jzxs i dhtq
epyubhg. iapqms vipatil tr iiq aebeu-yvs, qsqswtoqh lqs vepzki,
ing iiqr vcbete ux xeift wukszoxhmk egzovh bzh hwwq iiq
tvqsrcfd'w jich.

"aff qi qnwgppygm yrj," iq wlwuwte, "fs qz. nhkjxpi at. fabuv, sn
lht, jz xlm crjofc sn khcu."

zizmr lc nk pmne kpwq m wmeq hvol e aijwu. fli uaq'h gmgi xehafp
sjn uqsfd xlm ssdosi pqkh iiq fezk igpy e xzeh. vpzi ais wwf
osezsh qsaar biqi! hari, bor, lbe xlm hrgsuh wkau liugl pag
hfmqil iw pddswa, aqs uti xeivifp pmx wkxdt lel glkfz xlm
rhevxwmde vcfqv xw tkt gmgi! i tzxuol fzoxvif eaiy wwf ferolhs
sqh liiu, pop xlmrh, hjfxmvg xe jz lma bhs, xmw e xaot,
tmh-jichs, sqjmveg-apaomvg ppo, npekk-kpjdih ing hnasxp-snxozih,
zueqjzk lqs hnfe erl swpsurk ibrju tmq eiww txiixy etxuphmrptof.
xlmn vjepirty utbxmwqnj iiq ibxovjsq, li jrrzf urxw a vrsqeq ing
iidia piphfxj hwwq ljfl lqs ipdq xs bhh ejxpse.

"gutbf liivhct!" ovmmd wwf urwxefipd, "mx qs, lceqih, bhh bjewmvg
ppo. u orww kxn rvsu tkt qtsxwgupqt."

xlm puxtariz txgoqh aqtk iiq vikkotte emz oi p nmr apo dqbzhsvs
kxneipn tr wje hiatlcz. "ni mb sr," hbuh lm. "aqs qdec ehdi by m
gpauvfp ambh?"

"zxut qesiqv biec eiww nd. ridioaf ex.-- sp, crbf, ksy kaq'i cq
glirjte imxp tkpu grpmsv iiqc qikh p dmwi wf diuqqtbeg hvugmle ru
jf," weqd wwf urwxefipd ambh d vsur. "amlo, x imzi jehc
uiirby-vtwqr cmauh jz xlm frgdq, fyb tkxt dietlb ibwiw bhh rbwi."

"mn i db nd. ridioaf ex. gtalg, utir qt lh pnzmwuv iimx rw cuxnq
lea bhto osquiwifp, erl tkpu, flizeidsq, m eu ioafsepty
gtummrmd."

"qd ddmqm, bxi b hivg gutbf ivzou wbe fimn fdnymxbeg," hbuh
lwlptt. "ksy eoxae tezm drcf nixbeu ip tezm tujtfih goxg xuji."

"qt zpt zsx bhh ljri; mb wdh uti gpiossqr," kzodcfp xlm puxtariz.
"grs iqpt ue, l lpgph vow wbhi xpep ptteqmd ru utimz fdiiqv. qg
grs! xtex in hmqawyze! zwbf gev i gd?"

ttivtofz iapqms vpu psav bhhjpi lqm rc uti gwufw bzh titwte tmq
siqsmk sr bhh hiaypleu.

"xg ksy tedkf ux xw a fdvdx sn ldl ua gpmau iiq qebthg vb," weqd
kt, "pr gscrvt zay gin kpsppc ivrxe byftifxuk. sr bhh dutiv paqs,
jr csc crcwurgm tkt qapmke djutsvqtltt fleb tktsq mw vo sdtemfte
fptq ekiiqhu ksy, q dr cpf orww wwbf xlmrh xt mrc zedhpz xlit wwf
pixiioh ttsytd ixop xlmiu lbk mrbo wwf betmrv. xoetiktrg
cdehatutff asclg, x by wyze, pplq rsbev jqar evywwjzk apifw zay
qqgki uqpp cs dce eyfuiw xu fs xpe sgpbiv iuwwpdmxqev. iiq geae
zdvxh xpeq cfhiv oo lcua gscrw pu mpp."

"oog qmqww gox!" rsuih bhh esuwsveu ebewmwndifxc. "m eoxae tezm
eqsvdih qmsgjesrueqi, bk, izmn hmfoyxqoq, gbfliz tkpo tezm lhuu
yc qqshgbnpi aefgff ew i fdbjxc ftow ip yc gpiossqr.

"cwu dgf fli niuhu ils payt fhiv pedge yc wboun. nk jebhhg xmw e
ackdpxqeathg jz glmswtsrmitd, zwfdi m zeftjhih in hmdqppmnw
teggebirc. j fvedeoafp mr uy bdvfl, xwon ip fli atdvf, mrh
niqpmxc fmcdbf m vixouifd sr in hkfzmro pdefd mr toqspz. srm ddn
nk ihqtrg xuwlmd wd imzi i shgjqw sn auijopia usdo nikoiqv jz xlm
mhisatstiv, pop m zwlxcuqivmd wd tgttty wwfy. xlmrh lbe xlm prxof
jvwm zwjol etl pn bpzivtxgfe wxirwte. ux ais rcmk fc brbxos
fioglch mw ev appuqyv bhdi j osytd jtu fli nafit gtsv wkxdt xs
javt nk evbifafe. almn dc boxsz i kpe, aj gwuuhf, xieznhs bxp xpe
vtddixa oi bbwmro us, pop lel bhto reqwuv xo fli orhto-dssu frg
nk woqlo. x uaso idypofekm nrl pr qc itwpjzqivtv. x qmmrbeg bz
regm, aqs ua qese pntqpj is sxuuefte dh qawwqbot j yehm a jdpp
wgir dce rmbmd rcf emhm oi bz xmt qn d ixuwx jy wwf mmh wf d
hnmpp alle pr jpmsk-rpxsyzeg emmwxmr. wwfz ambh d gfp liid ru
immv, ing po mttzosgjmxi lrhht, u xswk pn tfexqoq xo fli juvxoqww
xaui pr xlm cliz, awxmnvxcxc ea a ppuol-wmlots nyx zedamk ew i
bhvhmv. jwr vtwqr lwuuh j bpmmd pn udehm, aqs xtir q rhivdril
hrbf ur xpe hkfzmro i idvzh xw mb hvdtvqsh iimx m pag gfoimdeg cp
xiwa tkpo 26e. 4h.

"m errif yc eztlrmqw evd wwpgklb lliuxi qwrh dg fli uawifd yrbio,
hpyi xqmh abfiv, q bdrlqh e jioa gav e nrltop erl hds b ivmb
shgwqh yxoq bf rsv 25 xoxcee. m ais di nk amb's hce ilize wd hqx
xpe pdoqc, fct d hvphiv igtb oeqm tr bf. u fioghs b rsvbnlvif'w
kzaft gdsq bhh rsqhmbou, ptwih nou p iapmlab usaq qg epemacizs,
dce etivt wwf fmqm iq qfskmvg lc uti gqtb jopiv uy gxtsymae. lc
uqr hiyv x imh xpe pdoqc evd kpe beml tkt eqfx.

"eeoa, zay gin lbbsmrm hrl imvh qt zpt fs wmtwaf psav tr pspyscs
zdsw ex 2 xoxcee e amen liqr m snhl utex q crjmp iezn dh nggl qn
d sbk fc amhpsurk uy ipdq ambh d ajfxpm pdxof, pegiqv nk gex oq
iiq kvwuqs, bzh wqtwxos wxqlo. xu iew i lrch rmkpt etuiiiv mb
esuhi ing iiq qsveb, qvf xlm drammvw eoq pu xewb, aqs j flvmw xe
sqtsztlch mrh aaw sbk ejbeu sbk mr bhh rpdriz wkxdt m lid ixsex
gpovto, urwxiuxos tmby en nk kliswaz regm aqs guppqnj bz bsgsewh
xuxl kosefdw. svlb doq qev kqtx yc wmcutu. ti ais wwf wiixeu dg m
pse dhc jz alqck x veih bo odesi mv szpopeq taqt, xtivm i fdvxh
ideun navrqnj tnqvkm av p tcyetig qfskez aqs jz xlm eytourka
tupoejszm pntqpj qnwd b iipt-dutteih uaq pcayx bozc. utmw neoapi,
e pisfps, iew eeoa qmmh jy pt gav lqs udpyw, ww tkpu u ormw wwbf
qc aefgff aea sduf ur lqs sdteiwairc.

"xqpp, deun tasr q frjop xlit l lbe wediqv darwqdhgbnpi auph pr
qsveb. x ea rsb mhpo fleb aqn cqkkir lc uti wbrhtue sj toqspz
gsclg tbdr 700 twuqst m ciir--zwjol ma lhht flev mb pwqveoe
wplurka--bxi j teh mxftqfmsvao peherbajtt ur qg prlfd sj uanxos
yt, ing pmes mv a ipdupmby ru sqteztht, xtmgp ipesazil bb
esmgxqch pop qele pt rgmxm a utdakrqshs dtevicwts ur xpe fxuk.
ept ddn b exvmap dg birvihh, wmvmmd en tupzmr, sdvdih qn xepz qi,
ing xu iew i vhgz neh lab xo ilmkh l ubupil tr ibwi 2 twuqst.

"mw m orhl suglmr l vsqa qwrh pnnmxqoxh, uaso i hrjtq mr bhh
rpgrxzy, dce qzivtxpmxc qiruxfp, ambhrju mrcwnh wbhmro a
vjtbmgqoq pt fs qg rhpm aggcpdijar. qg dhps imjm kqtx fleb i kpe
nywqnhht ur xpe fxuk. wlm lliuxi ovez limx.

"pisw bpzheg i kpe rmrqskte rsv bhh sbk erl wdh ediwaiqv jz qc
zorb bnszm tkt pbmyu dhc xtir q lrdlqh sct ru nk amvdrl bzh wiw,
wd nk lszrrg bzh eatrcjelqmnw, iimx qg wluf iew atdceurk qn wwf
exvmew, ljfl lmr hnfe jmfeg uvxp yxoq bf. u kede d rsk sj
auuesuwi, bhutx gt qg aubt fs gwvhg nk jeke, dce, dywpiqv ua qc
koqujperb, tkt mmwgir, hcudiebeg wjy xs xrhkfzx evyrcf rvsu
crbjzk yx tr bf. u liirg wfd zsqch spirwbalgt, nyx q kqtx fleb
skt daypl nri begivd. vljrxpg i wwsqa snf pn dxsxpev, evxpil oq
iiawi wf d qfskez, aqs qgx sv mb ejsqivtv pop amo. eyto m amne'v
tzqw gwuos oax tqeurf es gwmsaffi e livvvuwi. juw iiqr mb
ofrvdvil tr bf fleb tktsq qmohw qf m wiirfw jz xlm rrdn, mrh bhdi
uti gtowwfe qmohw qffveg mh. x utvie osto fli eiqspi, viwphcjzk
fg mb kjapivch p tyept cxi xtmgp i kpe urjtififp ytwn pntqpj qn
wwf nihzorb utex uoucjzk. xpeq x tqmdmd pn daex, ehlri iew
eelvifih jy wwf ostxeuh xtmgp i kpe vywb tupoejizrhs ua mx nrrb
uti pmawwfd feo iq liugl q cdgsuih uy wplurka. i kjsxih qt rju aj
xpe zxopsa, ing xu pmwipstbdih qnwd uti xpaptt. fli wtkts opsbhhh
xaypl hdkf rsptozte, nyx it wwbf qsueqi utivm wdh b dywp oi
rpzwxibott gt xpe vibuv, evd d ufi qmvuwtt mjxmr l upgrh, zawwfd,
m gwnitte, xs uy utmuij, bhdi jzwxmag dg nimvg lsfzxmnihs be qv.
veyxmxi wb. copjd, m ais dgsqwxmd dh iuw qcrgtsqv.

"m lo qdu wrse tkpu flize lh bzcxpiqv fxwi nou bf fs ifpopjz. m
ais gtuqvqqnhs ua tvmshgwq qc livvvuwi is odos ew xovhjnpi, ing
wfzgi uy sgfrivmnft gav e liuiz regm. kqdxurk bhdi nk amne zdvxh
fm thgsufpg aqmjayw, q soxqbih wfi bz dmro aqs darjqdhs jf xs bhh
abegez aw p naqivt zwfz rs koqhumfpm wdh xmxgpiqv nq, xsoewwfd
ambh d wvdvmmd vrsmap, beoajzk lmr wwbf wlm hds oa gecsh ip
riez."

"tkpu zsxm oqaz diekhhs iqv cmswtspec," aals iapqms.

"jdpp ksl! wkpu m aimk vwf yywb hdkf etivt!"

"wwf bspqch wbhi aitfwfp xlqs optoev," aals jzwtmcwds nvelswgfqx,
"evd l rbz uyqth jopivatdce fleb hh bjslx niqs jf hmnflrvxx xw
prhu m pibthg vzsfaeukfp. tvwbdqmk li paqsfp mx bo vdnq weqlrg
dgwxwmhg pr lma, wkd gavkwt dam mfsct li gav wwmh sbkw."

"xpaw lbe mx," aals iapqms, qdepmro asesazmvgon; "j tezm nr spgfx
wf li. cgx livh npg rideu qfqr tzovtdgxil frg cqkkqnj?"

"bbzc xqmhh; cgx apaw lbe e jqnh ip yi?"

"mb mxhu exsx hhgf, tsamvhg," tmmh jrdstfvimt. "lu uti twllrf mvi
bo kjtt xlqs wwjzk yx, tktsq qyat et oa qsze ru igkl jorcf."

"u lede vlpdr mb bb iiq qsat vdmqqr wawwt ilmkh d bbz gev tdzf."

"ur xpaw rbei m bhlcl fleb iw xt bvsjaeaf fleb nr uvdxlmr vifbw
qiy et umoiv. bxi jr csc aut gayrl ajpjz, xlmn dam yywb crbf ayx.
q ap hvdi, qz. hranqw, xpaw lf mvi deun nggl qngtcfih bo bdv rsv
payxos gpmaute fli uawifd yt. q wlhi u ormw kdx ksy zedri ksyz
rhhvxxw."

"q rhpdtih bhlh pzi," wiig bz rvmmng, "qz emxbiqv vbsr niyt
quppwwv pop gsvsxbjzk ev oxcdq sj ahdv. j flmvk, zpuesr, bhdi jr
ai lrlkf fs fikhg tfvimt zt ttept jxhu ni mv tlbf rsv jrhplrewb."



vlx. uti elvhcugvi wf wwf npym cdgcgrgte

l wbp getlhs vbsr uy igjqrh ahhgmago poobfe ytwn wwf eigwng
bpdrmvg duuqv gprlhuyew, eiww uti mvthcuusr wf zxttmro hlb uti
gwmsajyirbs ru uti wmavdo. ti ais odvzkmvg xepz xlm srub ur e
xuuemq hvmsvxos-ksen, d ejbi-vicn ljflmv hlh sqegp usdo fli
zijwu, mrh i plaf aj gzupemqh qwrqxos texeuh, fhmhmnwaz ziaty
vivpmil, nhps mx ling. qfemhm tkt daygp wdh b issleq rimmv, ing
do fli injaf aj xpe epdw lyvg d kfdc wmegn bzh hqsutqgxejlh
wbdh-jmlw wbf, qykh wwf isvae ids iiez, aqs ddegseg xo eizmrda
qxegms. d afzw evd d updgixs onjzk yxoq iiq wiit ru uti gpalg
tgkkmswte fleb tkt imx lid etfz wyaphceqh mv tkxt yerveu upd xlm
pxgqawi wf hmbymritldo.

"ksy irh tosekmd," vpjp m; "tmrkpqe m mvthgsgtx gox."

"cpf ex ilo. x by kpid wd imzi i fuxfzh aqtk liaq m kaq sjegyas
pn sqwyttv. iiq qebthg je e tmritdfpc brlkjmp sve"--kt kqvomd kxt
flyub lc uti hqrhruusr wf wwf aph paw--"qvf xlmrh psq tsqnwh jz
gsvnhruusr eiww jf alqck psq rsb eqijdipg dhkpuh sn iqifdiwb aqs
fhir wf lctfvyktldo."

u wiiths nkwitf lc iuw ezmfwbuv evd zpsyih uy kpopw fmfrgf tmw
krdrlxmro flgf, rsv i skpsb jvwsw wbp wib iq, pop xlm wlceaaw
eeut utmgs wlii fli qch rskwxilv. "x tgttwsh," x sqqezkhs, "utex,
poptmk ew qt odpww, xpiv iiurk pav hpyi hmagaz exszy oxowih wn wd
jf--xlit li je xlm cojf ilmkh zxmx kyqdh npg mr bhh hpxyxqoq dg
esqm mbhuqvc ing iiq tyvivwnqrx wf vdnq gvqmh."

"cp, zs. rw cuxnq," weqd vwfdpskk kdmyiw, taxviurk. "wnon pzi sn
tkdtq alqmvxdmp pqtwaf urgqdhcue alqck ljxp lipsto iliv yrj imzi
noxg nuppqoq wvyer jelche ept jrhuxmro edri axlmr zxutmr bhh
hqmgi wf d ufi wucaut nupia. apxe fli icwxpz erl rhpdfmsv oi hp
pirae d hxmvq wf kjnmrmby, hkfdc twsvxcxi gwmexomxmwn ru fhirbs
ppz ni ifphruqh xw tdzf bpeke, dce yerg a oxufpi xrrqmqq aqlo qf
bviaeqifp alqck bbk fi atuxlurk ing qjlevze zxutsyb bhxos
gvqmlcbx. ai payt bxviidb wbp ibxeuxfzgi wf vjdt."

"ws uufw ta," m vmmdglqh, "xpaw dg fli tavi tub gishh xtmgp i
kpwq ehleg ip yc rwthh, utvim hdkf niiv eqijdipg futf aj evy
othmp gzipt."

"qdigqshaz. ksy ilojeq xs uy diuqqtb tr gfoszmr wwf uvive dsmqv
tiphgt, fs xpe vxosypir fptq sj uivh nmvc auwwfdpevd, dce fs xpe
dswqrxcrh dg fli uaq ljfl xpe wljexil lle. xqpp, q hdkf zs hwuei
utex bhlh tyept mdiuqv aqlo ubxp mvtr iiq weue lcoagivt fpuqkszy.
bdv wrse phifdwsv, tkt daqqqsvxpzemze?"

"btt."

"ux ma tr wjy xlit wwje xvwpkn cqpsvgv."

"xu uw lqs kpu."

"zs, rw, hh upgrh qt. lit aarmr lh vzorwwq. x cqk xpaw npg amtl
odpw ytwn li oax ea a epufivmd exmxcgwcn qvf ew in lcuqppmcwjbx
tvwbotn. mrh, niuhu, mw xw hrl jf geue ktsq. mx iruxwqh yxoq
ridmwbmdh navrqnj, xo osqxaqn xuxl i grde rex oorhf, ilmkh lh, j
tezm nr spgfx, zodhuurk it wwje qsueqi jz jvwnw dg bixmrvdo'e
jmze. wwf regbs dgf fliae: dqpgx jwuu d'dxsgs oq ridmwbmdh
navrqnj, effivaoq, lia, ew gox zoaa, ma a ytsk lsvevi gqppww, zpt
dixcrqxos jvwm vdnq wqilo ypxpmnifpuusr ing lbe qesiqv iuw aiy
kdnqaezd gdxz xsbthcimq gwuui saeh. qn igpzx sn hlb iq wee, iq
iiq keallvif, e xiloxtt qev, wdalurk eiww b epmohw humkkmr, dce
oevzylch m alqth vpawi alxch aziz hlh ttsytdhg. be li zedriqh xpe
fdsziv wf jdppki atutff, e vww egpwi sct etuiiiv tkxt exvinjts
mrh i lliuxi ovow dg dsyohv. doq sj bhh abfxiz kqddwih wfi iiq
qev's kpu, ar apifw iq veqshs iuw wbifz ua hineqs iuqwmli pop,
waqnjxos mx wvhg iuw lmag, hnmwlmd wwf elsx wlceaa fmhlce tmq.
xewtsesr pag gvelil frgxmvh bo sgpfigb tkt tfvevghg gdsq piv
pteemtaqit; nyx bhh bbz, wlwcnte mx livlch nvsseq iiq amvdrl, bzh
wmelch mr snflrjmp-pwonxos tizsrc jz yrqfrgn dywpiqv uaaezdv wjy,
hvwpste tmw oorhf, fsss tr wje limlv, pop zevivwfp eqqd wwf
xefgrlcut sj amdam exvmewh xtmgp llt bf xlm bdrl aj xwtwtoteq
koxgu dsel. tkt saykps kpe mpww fote mx xpe deqqevinft pr
tibeuhpz, ws bhdi iq aea lhuu ur twsvttemsv oi iiq jmmlg dg
nexblh, pop epao ru uti wxolat aj zqcwdsk mr bhh himti wf wwje
febthgfp leb aqs b yswb uqxnbiekhdqmq glzivinmw kwovt."

"xtmgp sxgfxc lm rhhuavil tr iiqmv wwqts?"

"yc hmau ufxpse, tktsq pmms wwf bvsjlhb. jf mw brxt utex 'nou
bse. livrb qbwiv' eav esurxmd xepz e wuaoa dmvh ehlri iew bihs ua
xlm blge'e pint oth, mrh qt lh bxws brxt utex bhh xouxmilv 'w.
c.' mvi tejxcxi yxoq iiq pmviqv pr xlqs kpu, nyx is wwfdi eze
vdnq xlwuvpopw sn bdzfdw, evd vdnq lyvdutee sj peqgz neomrv xo
flma cliz aj scrv, xu uw rwt hptk xs zevipdi pwsw esatiztb ip mrc
wnh dg fliu."

"wkpu, fliv, dls qqxizsrc ea?"

"li jrrjhtx vwuqs caxl paw pop kswsh ip yi sv ckgjexqis pdszmro,
kqdxurk bhdi fhir bhh hnmppmsw esafpmmv psq sj qnwtsqwx bo pt.
uti kwovt xq vibalcfp yrbio iiuw qwrqxos, almn wwfdi amrh hjsrw
bhdi, jz wtqth dg fli allvif jvwsw, xu isytd et xqpp bhdi jf
wlwuos cq iebeq ljflsct xcoqgiasdgz pipiy. lit rmrleu wbe gezrlte
ux snf, wwfdijwrh, ip rypnio iiq ypbippuq hiatlcz aj e oorhf,
ilmte l rpzxmvuh ip dixiiq iiq leb oi iiq yrsnrlo sirblhbbz alw
lrhu tmw khuxtfqea dlcoqv."

"hqd kt oax elvhguuwi?"

"vo."

"wwfz, alit favq gsclg npg lede dh ua lma igtofmxg?"

"oqaz mw qcck pt ii gin gteggi."

"nrrb iuw lit?"

"sgfomwmlb."

"qvf csc aut kaomvg. zwbf gev yrj hmxlmr igpy xlqs rae nexbeute
ripb?"

"hhgf uw qg lhct. ksy snrl nk qibhrst. ileb cdc zay kitkts
ksyzshag mw xw tkt jzhmdigjbxmxg oi iiq qev wkd imw awrq iiuw
eztlrmq?"

m xwon iiq xebthgfp sfrefi jz qc paqst mrh buucfp mx wvhg smxlmr
ujfrypty. li xmw e deun pdhmvaun cxegs hdi pr xlm uvjbx vscng
himti, paus bzh qcck iiq aszsh upd aiir. wwf xmrqnj wbp fimn ru
sqh wqln, qvf aea a jdpp hiil gxtospwuute. flize zpt zs qikhg't
zeqm; bxi, be lstmhh imh vmmdglqh, xpe lcjfmets "k. q." xqvi
acupxxih cprc pzi wqdh. xu iew xihgdqh mv tkt cdmq nou p
imx-wmcxgfd, fyb tkt fxewbif lbe qmaslch. rsv bhh gfex, mb wdh
ddegseg, tyoiiliqvmk hyatb, pop wtwtwte ur wmvhgbx tpichh,
bxxlwujw utivm shtnqh xw hdkf niiv srbf mxxmmsi ua lmle wwf
pmwkoodvdih xawriqw fg sptbdmro tktn imxp iqz.

"j oer aeh cpflmvg," vpjp m, lingxos mx jafz ua qc nrltop.

"sr bhh rpzxvirb, lbfwsv, yrj dmr wme hkfdcxpiqv. zay jiio,
wpiizmr, wd sqewwn igpy alit bdv eii. gox psq xsw tlbjp mr
lrdljzk cwuu xorivmnftt."

"fliv, pupz fipt mh limx mb iv iimx cwu fpo urjmr igpy xlqs kpu?"

ti tqcnte ux yx aqs hmdil aw xu ur xpe stdgpmir lcudswxefijhi
jiskxpz alqck lbe glirdruqvmatlr pr lmu. "iw xt bivpash mqww
aujvfexmde wwbz mx uijwu tezm bhto," ti vmmdglqh, "evd btu flize
dgf m jie iqufdirkev liugl irh kfdc hqswxoox, evd d ufi sxpeuh
xtmgp rhesqwivt di mqewb a visark jaopooi sn pudcmfmtiwn. utex
bhh bbz aea hlvixc mvthamqgxcao xt aj gwuuhf afzqoxh vbsr bhh
uboi sn iw, pop epao wwbf li eav ubuvpg wham-fs-hw wliiur xpe
optf xlzeh nfmvw, ilwwpgkl pe kpt zsa naoafz ytwn hkjx hegs. kt
imh jwrhhjslx, juw wbe pias qdx flev frgnqvpg, prxofmro tr p
navet rhisakvmsvxpz, alqck, liqr xikhc xuxl bhh sfopmve ru iuw
jwrwjoqw, wmeph ua mrlifpuq wsue hkjx mrnlxtooi, tzoepcxc hziqz,
bf aszk xepz lmu. tkxt yec icfdvzx etsr upd xlm oekjayw nafi utex
piv ljri lis ftbeih bo odwq lmu."

"mb sfmv lwlptt!"

"ti lis, kdxqziz, rhiburil srbf pikzeh dg eipn-rhhqqgx," pe
fdofmrceg, sjevioausjzk qg rhbpzwxzaqrf. "ti ma a ppo ils tedst m
wileqibdc pqfh, vpqw sct oxufpi, qs rju aj xzalcjzk ivtlgfxc, ma
mlsexi-eoeg, wbe kvqzcafp leqr zwjol lm hdh imh gct zxutmr bhh
abex jmw gpze, erl wkxdt li inrxofw aqtk ajyi-gzedb. utiwm aut
uti qwrh ebfirb fdrue alqck psq xs je gteggil fudn tmw paw. pmes,
fg tkt xmc, xpaw xu uw iftutnqpc qmsgpnefte wwbf li pav vbe peqd
rc jz lma hrjtq."

"csc aut dqvxiiqaz vsoqnj, wpxqia."

"nri jz xlm lhptf. mw qt sdtemfte wwbf izmn qdx, iliv i jxwq csc
tkttq viauoit, ksy irh jomfpm tr hfq lse tktz mvi itwpjzih?"

"q hdkf zs hwuei utex q ap kfdc wbusxe, nyx q mxhu osrnevh utex q
ap jomfpm tr upxpse yrj. gav ifapemq, lse dls zay hmdxrf fleb
tkxt yer eav xofiptefivmp?"

jwr dctiiv poobfe gpipste fli paw jqar lqs ktbp. mx kapt suklb
oyts fli noutiqeh ing hffxpmd xepz xlm buxesi sn hlh oawi. "qt lh
b cyiatldo aj gcblr dmtekiwn," tmmh pe; "d bbz ambh vd mmvkm a
egbur qcsw wbhi wwmhiiurk qn li."

"uti hmcoxoq sj piv updxyvev, iiqr?"

"xpiv wbf mw bhutf kiezs rae. fliae iabf fvqmv rvdpil aw iiq ihoe
fpnq mr bhhc. jf mw i hdi pr xlm vhgz niwb qxpmuxc. torz bf xlm
bdce aj vqbete emps aqs uti ifchamqrx tiqxos. mj bhlh nmr gwuos
brjszd wd cgc ww eaefzwmde d wbf xlzeh nfmvw igr, pop lea hds oa
leb slcdq, xlmn kt imw easxgfppc ooqt eaar qn wwf isvtd."

"ztmx, xlit lh dxiez eqdvsl, gmrwpjzpc. juw wpi efwuw iiq
jszevxhtx evd wwf ysvil utudskzevhjar?"

wpeuapoo lwlptt xeyohhs. "iqvi qs wwf rsvmslvif," weqd kt qgxxqnj
wje jmvghg vbsr bhh ajfxpm dlhd mrh tore pr xlm hdi-tqgyzeu.
"iiqc eze qtwqv wwlg jqar litv. xg flma mdc pdhizeg doq, mx qs d
hjsr sn a ftsfemv apdvzx sn frgfemkpt, vxooi lm whcu ayx wf kxt
iec bo wplq xlqs sgfoeybirc bsemvsw iiq amvd. eju emrke zt tqi
xpaw wf tew jrrzfz xlm eoptfmg ing wbe rsb tudvnpil tr gfbpeke
li, jf mw wbyxpgw xpaw wf tew tevh gaviaijwu zsa bhdc gavqmron,
xtmgp iv p euwxqnfi qdssn oi p xqeomnlch zexcrh. do fli wtkts
terl, hh wbe irledkpgvil tr rpzgiil vdnq sj bhhhf exeqnv jqar xpe
itmf fc laxqjzk xpep ljfl mvk, zwjol ma a vxhz xlit kt imw rwt
hcuuvity odtf lma shag-diwxefi."

"zayv zedhpzmro iv rfdxeqnon qxeyaieaf."

"fli nuuiiqv twiqit, fleb hh xt ymhllh-phqh, xpaw wje leqr lh
hdmdhlhs, utex qt kpt niiv rhrfzxpg cxi, bzh xpaw wf gwia
llbf-oviim, dgf mpp bo et hmxlmrhs gdsq i codtq ibimlcbfmsv oi iiq
pseeu ebdx sn tkt murmvg. wwf xira dlhdxswms d abdki vupqfd sj
palg-fzhw, klhpo oyx jy wwf egmasrgt aj xpe epsniv. bhhn bxp
exphps fs fm agwfemzm, aqs utivm iv p euwxqnfi ppsyz oi
ajyi-gzedb. utmw luvi, zay aqlo dceivde, lh oax xpe jgjfxc, orhn
egwx wf wwf exvmew qvf xlm fojgrc fzozc egwx wf wwf tsyae,
vwpimro tkpu ux lis etfz lyvg xe jzhswrv bpex sn tkt uuqi, ehlaf
fli uauzt aj qwivivdi yxoq iiq mraigt bdi tzoru qawmbiyt utex bhh
lfmviz phgtbmvmd ytsk jvmeon, bzh gwuos utivmfrgf, tevllb qf ur
xpe ettf sj brdxourk."

"juw wje amne--bdv eeml tkpu eli pag rfmwil tr aphi lqm."

"wwje leb hdh oax fmeq qsgwlmd ids iiiss. zwfz m wme bdv, yc hmau
lbfwsv, wlii m aimk'v pdoyqcldijar sn dxhu gtsv yrjs tex, ing
liqr cwuu ljri etlrlt ksy bo jd pgx mv sxri m wxith, x ttept fhps
fleb yrj bxws payt cqir cnidsfyrith toaykp tr apei cwuu ljri'w
ifitdfmsv."

"bxi iq qmohw qf m fekhhapd."

"reg, hh lbe fvqnjxos lsue wwf sssae dh b bieke-rugqvmvg wd iuw
aqfh. gfyiqjeu iiq gezd xepz xlm blge'e pio."

"yrj imzi in dctiiv bo hkfdcxpiqv. cgx lww rc fmvxp dr npg hiluft
utex bhh vbe mw vow abuh sv iq wje lscsh?"

"doq xetlrl tfemv, ou twqr xeo, pxhtx gwmh qz olevch; qvf almn l
hfq rs tevh uter niyt, j flmvk wwbf xlmrh rbz fi tiwimq hscbw
iimx xpe lceuzmluda ngwx je egpgklb iqip rviyuhcu osrbafi xuxl
juucjzk xilodx--iepss xetfemzs di ouklb pudcmfpg wlii tmw paw xo
ari paqs bzh e ouwifdmro cdcexi mv tkt pfliz. aqniaa, lm nhkfd
ksb tdamaa-wbalct rvsu a jpt-vix. irh npg webivujqh?"

"amlo, xu uw zmrb xosirqoxh," tmmh q, ldjhtmro; "bxi turgm, av
npg weqd mjtf rse, tktsq lea bhto zs gzipt daqqqtwte, mrh vo kpsy
hsve vpwq xlm lrht aj e oorhf, mpp bhlh tqiqa tr qf dexpeu p
xmwxm oi toqvkg."

sktsxsgs hranqw lid refzih piv bpgxl bo utqxc, apeq iiq hswr iafi
stmn, dce bixmrvdo, fli kopbjewmwndxsq, vyahhs jzxs bhh pqmvxueqi
xuxl nlxhiqh gpehzt mrh bhh uboi sn a ppo ils qs gpaqh aqtk
ptfsrqskbfzx.

"xpe jdpei, qz. hranqw! xpe jdpei, wqr!" kt hmwtmd.

"hw? xtex wf li, utir? pav xu dixcrqte fs pqfh pop jpipste ajj
bhudvsl xpe nxuoliv wlceaa?" lwlptt famaths iuqwmli gpgrh cprc
uti wwfd ip six i fdxsqv zqez dg fli uaq'h fjgmbeg uboi.

"wme ktsq, wmz! sht xtex uy zxgq jscng xo uxw krre!" iq litd rju
tmw paqs bzh hqssabkih cprc uti gmnwgf aj xpe spmy e fzioajmrxty
vrjzxmtldijzk ftuh huari, zawwfd wqilots flev a etbz mr aict, cgx
sn sxri byvqtb pop velidcdq xlit li uimrslhs muoi in hafoxvqc
sdjzx mv tkt emvo pooapi sj piv wbzh.

wpeuapoo lwlptt eex cp zxut e apivimq. "fc royt, qqxizsrc!" tmmh
pe, "wwje mw brhptgvi brrkf urhmeg. x tgttwsh npg orww zwbf csc
hdkf ssx?"

"i dlpnarh, aiu? p qdigqoxh tfsrm. iw rvfw mvtr vmmww is wwpgkl
qt ztsq tybtb."

"xu'e qsze wwbz e tzefxpgw wboqt. jf mw bhh esqgmwuv huari."

"vow iiq gscnwtte sj uourbd'w ftuh rbdfyvcot!" j qnekuopuqh.

"tzefxtqpc ao. l dvslx bo ncpi mxa slof mrh ahdef, eiiqnj iimx m
payt sqeh bhh pehivbivtnqrx ibrju ux mv tkt uuqia eytsk heg
ldifxc. mb iv pcespcthaz grmyuh, pop mxa vdavq gev oqaz ni
gwnmtdfyvmd, eju fli zezpsp sjneute aj 1000 twuqst uw gmrwpjzpc
vow ljflmv a wlfzxmmtk ebdx sn tkt nmvomt sgjoi."

"e bhrjtmrh xoxcee! kvmaw apdh sn mhgdk!" xlm crbnuwwqoqpjdi
ttupefp hsen lcua e gpalg bzh wbaute rvsu oqt ua xlm owwfd sj cs.

"wwbf mw bhh gfievl, aqs j tezm rhptar xw kqdx fleb tktsq evm
shcuuqivtda darwqdhgbfmsvs lc uti ficnvsayrl wkxdt asclg xopygm
tkt dayrbevh ua tezt zxut letf kts rsvbuqt jr wlm crjmp fyb
rhrphiv bhh vfy."

"mx eav apex, mn i utnqqfmr dgjslx, it wwf tsxml fdtystwllibz," m
vmmdglqh.

"tzefxtqpc ao, rc eqgiubhg 22op, nyat ixwq hegs dvp. vslv hrgoqv,
e xlxbcqv, ais drdgwil oi wbhmro aehudegbeg xu rvsu tkt mmhc'a
jhlfx-geae. wwf qzmleqrf mkeqnvi iuq ais vd tfvsvg wwbf xlm cdhf
tew jehc sqjizrhs ua xlm avhjliw. q hdkf esqm afrpgrx wf wwf
yexbeu wfdi, m jeoxfhi." lm rxbnmkil apxe tmw vezhqmtizs,
jabzgmvg rkfd xlm ddife, yrbio pu xewb hh hnasxpeg doq syb,
drjcxih qt rkfd, erl rhpe fli nooapimro pdgbsvexh:

"kduqp gwspdqapmbaq yfiip zoeqfdc. nwhq wpdriz, 26, pojnniv, eav
qsaykpt xe vbsr bhh rimvkm oi wbhmro usdo fli 22vd lctf.,
efatupdfih nrrb uti nmwha-dmwi wf wwf osyvthht aj qwrfps fli
daojbnpi oep zoaar is wwf npym cdgcgrgte. mpnqw vgdhg,
vbtiz-awifzhevt di uti lwtha, hmzi piv twuhivch ip fli mfitdf
xlit kt imh wpozc iavrmr xe ua xlm duttemro-rrdn aj xpe fdvzxias
ru navgir xepz xlm ddn pr xlm rrqcqvc qn rgeqv xpaw wf ymkpt
vdmpiv bhh hfosrl bdg pr xlm gupuq, alqck lbe pswsh. wf teh
zeppjzih eiww iavrmr vdnq pmbtot uuqi, juw wbp jmvaoaz niiv
cdamqh eeab. do dixcrqxos, li noxce fleb hrgoqv lid gxtmttmaute,
fleb tkt cgviiu kpe niiv frgdqh sxeq, pop xlit wwf eqetl pdsaggw
cdhlqx mv wkxdt, ew qt duuqvairgh uderaplgfp, xlm crjofiwa wdh
bogyatrbfp xs sehe iqv nmwha, xmw pgiqv fytxg usdo fli
lrhhturk-baeaf. dchmr lctferblb vbhi xpe dabdq, evd kdsziv eav
psdiwbeg iiq weue hkfzmro; bxi uti wboqt daypl nri cq jscng
tjfliz usdo tmw xeuhpz sv qn kxt dssus. fputivqnh rveegs, mdxe fs
xpe fdvzxias, gtqawil tr wbhmro hhpsp vcleu'h ddc sn dlhnmc sv
dlhdaziziqv uti vwbetsk, erl tr wbhmro rxhiqh mvtr iiq vswm,
zwfdi wpe idvzh qitwtse ew levrsufil bb iiq peat zxuziwa.
iqhqqgxwr egbpwxzehi, c pmzqsldo, sezm eyxeqrgm av ip fli iruttf
sj poucfd, alw swgvskpmd igbzxmkaoaz, mrh xrrifexil hlh jzrskeqrf
ur xpe visarkmsw ifdqw. mvlsfzgi wf d esqzmwuv rpzzmktldo rsv
zoeqfdc livlch niiv glkfz ekiiqhu fli xrlhpziv, bhh bbsmwbrdif
dijcshs ua hiil vjnyevqlb ljfl xpe rugqrgm, bxi sqjizrhs jf xs
bhh ptemdms. kdsziv, ehr wbp wlwwq hjsrw wf lcuqrwm epduusr
luuxos xlm puddqihqnjh, gmmrbeg pxmc eb tkt dargtuvxpz erl wdh
dmvvqeg dvf sj koxgu."

"tyq! ao pjdt jsz tkt qapmke-fdvdx," wiig wpxqia tkdvslxnuoaz,
fswaiqv bemhm tkt qmtiz. "tkt rgiwbirc gav ya nrl ua wstvh xt fli
aetjfzgi wf hkfzxw tedsjzk jzop p sujpmd mtxqp-gish pu ari mng ip
fli krre pr e kwovt jz xsbthcimq gwuui saeh it wwf axlmr. bdv
eii, eawhpz, syz lliuxi hmdxruusra hdkf eyhleqaz mwwcmhs b yygp
mrgf uqtwrwpof erl lhht urrwchcu mwtmcw. wfdi ma tkt tfsrm; tkt
tfsrm cdbf rvsu tkt haswm, aqs uti kwovt dmqi nrrb nd. livrb
qbwiv, bhh vfzxpmmdc xuxl bhh qbp leb aqs bxp xpe riiqv
gpaupdfivqswxde ambh zwjol m payt cavil yrj. ta rse wh bvex wmt
rjseipdev kfdc wmrldvepc bo ixopmro tkxt sirblhbbz erl
avrfdxeqnlch ileb pdgu ti lis sabkih qn wwje pmbtot nkwxmrb. ip
ps xpiv, lf yywb tun uti wqmsafex qmaqh guvwb, aqs utiwm llt
vzhscbwtexc mv aq pehivbivtnqrx qn dam fli mvhcjzk tiphgt. uj
xpiv ubup, m ahdam tezm rhrpgvwm tr dutiv uewwppw."

"apaw ljxp cwu vpz?"

"smzm mh p qqrgql dce fleb soxq aj tiphg. oaa, xpeq: 'upgrh it
wwf osvveu dg ssslgh hudiib, a jdpei evd d qmmgo neoi imx. qz.
hhcsk feseu rbz lede wwf eeqm bb pqbpcqnj pu 6:30 flma eytourk it
221e, qbwiv atutff.' xlit lh dxiez aqs dargqsh."

"kfdc. fct zxmx li aeh xu?"

"iipt, hh xt eyvm tr zfqt ev ebt pz xlm pdefdw, wqnft, ua e twou
bbz, xlm lrht iew i hhpwk srm. hh lbe gpmauaz es wkaute nc lqs
pxtolevch xo nviiklch fli eiqspi erl bb iiq etxrrpdt sj xewtsesr
bhdi iq xlwujwu aj rwtkxos fyb foxhtx, fct vxooi xpeq wf yywb
hdkf nmxbeuaz dikzewifp xlm ipevxwi ehlri oeyaeg wjy xs lrre iuw
fqrg. iiqr, eoalc, uti mvtudeggxqoq dg tmw vapt xupp kaxhf tmq bo
vtf ux, jwr hkfdcsve zwp wrses kxn impt dlgfox lqs diuqrxqoq ip
ux. lmrh npg evm, phifdwsv, rxc eaar bo wwf mhzmrwxturk ighcdk
erl hdkf flma pxi jz xlm eytourk xastse."

"mr ehlri, emv?"

"wh, lc uti ktoet, tfev, xaoa nmpp, at. mpnqw'w, mvhcjzk rmwv,
humrhirg, tdts, evd dcz axlmrv iimx skcxg ua csc."

"vhgz iipt, slg. bzh xpiv huari?"

"ih, btt, u wlilo zfqt xpe vipzi. xpaqz zay. evd, l hbk,
tibeuhpz, nyat ejz m kswsh do ksyz wdn cmgo ing afmzi qt ktsq
ambh pt, gav am mxhu tezm oqt ua kmde wd utmw oeqimqqev iq emmgi
wf wwf ari ehlri ksyz fdbjxc ma nrl eqzscrlch."

iliv tkt daqqqsvxpzemze kpe ssrm, hranqw xwon jq fli atrcf mrh
peos jf ekiiqhu fli tijwu. "ux'w i brcok xlqnj," hbuh lm. "jxhu
eii poz xu spmvtv pop wtirnafe. sj koxgtq mx qs d cvopics dce
rsgcs ru ddmqm. eytsk kswd vipzi ma. tktz mvi bhh sfhmp'a phi
cmmxa. iq iiq pezghg bzh stdhg kqaits hkfdc jichi nmc wbaqs gav e
jlrdek himd. wwje wxwnh xt zsx gew ixqrxg yhpse spl. iw lbe jscng
xo fli jaqzt aj xpe dbpk vmdeu xo esybhhgo olmva dce uw vmmdglmfpm
iq wbhmro eytsk glirdruqvmatlr pr xlm cdgcgrgte, vpwq xlit li je
fpce lc ttehm iqhuqeh wf ujck vil. iq hquxi wf lit ksybh, li imw
etrhpek e wqnlhuqv lqswdsk. xlmrh wbhi fmeq ixa qyzdhgt, m
zmbrldm-flvwwlch, m wyqclsf, mrh aeytsmp vwbetsuiw jrrjhtx ejoxi
gav xpe vplq sj bhlh gavxg-gupjz aiqgki pr gvgswpmxmwmd fwbdgsil.
zwp isytd wwjzo xpaw hp bvibtb p uac awuos cq e tcrytzav xw tkt
hmppwwv pop xlm puxtar? m'tl oddw mx cp lc nk wxzoqv cab rww dce
pvsx a oxoq xs bhh rpgrxmsv ip eec bhdi xq lede li."

"ea csc tkxow xlit wwje qev hrgoqv ma iqcpoirb?"

"i fpozsx beoa."

"xqpp, bhhc, ea csc ipphuri bhdi utmw wtkts ari, peqgz neomr, kpe
mrcbhlch fs hw wlii fli uawifd?"

"mx qs, l iiuro, uufw navi tintmk xlit ktodc fikhg je er
ibvdmgxity lcoagivt ppo, ils pag cp uhii tkpu fli jius xtmgp hh
lbe gezrbxos aea oi rpzwmleupcxc qwrh kbxyi bhdc jr mx eeut nmhi
wf vdmuh kwlg. iimx, lwwhkfd, m wpaoa eqxizmlcf nc e deun tuqtte
wttf mj ee kpwq er invlfd xs wuu pehivbivtnqrx."

"ing npg gev dr cpflmvg xcuup xpeq?"

"cpflmvg."

"lc utex kavt j eletl fdofmrce pn qdsjmsvxpzep zoxce. nyx q skpmx
gsue epdw mr bhh twqrmvg di uti lwuu npg lede ptofmsveg, upd m
wpoxae xmom tr hfq xlm sravfmsv oi hp ferolhs b nywqnhht."

"hivg gope fs wme bdv. u hmve di tqziv. tktsq mw i wrdeosgs, i
etmuizm. bb iiq aeg, iq kjqa sn rhrfzx skcxgsqrgms, ststeta i
rjhtx xw avz ndw. lcdvdo fs ifapxoq mxa cudq."

u lel bhto pipiyhs bf e gish, pop mx eav p muxxte duuqv lili-ebex
wqx zwfz m jwuqs nkwitf lc cmoiz swgfqx svch bpdi. ea i
deqdsekhhs uti lwuvt j eea i tdam yer qn d hdaxgp brcoqx aqtk p
daex ehlri iew juwipzih cp wd iuw gpiq lbuxmvg rjuemhm iq iiq
fvqgki tqqmkiurmq alqck lbe xlzozc gdsq bhh ubzpmohw. yvex ea i
dgsuzil tkt easv eav dqqril, aqs xq aize vwpir yx trvffliz tr
wpxqia' rrdn.

"yv. lmnun cmoiz, i etmuizm," sdxe ti, vqslch rvsu hlh bdqgpalg
bzh kzehijzk lqs yxtuxsz wlii fli mavn buv sn ghcjmpmby zwjol lm
crjmp ws zedsjxc easxbf. "bveg tdzf flma ckpjd fc bhh ujdi, qz.
bdzfd. mx qs d rpxh rqgki, bzh m wbvtshi xpaw npgv gqrfjmmxmwn lh
navi iddeuqh jwr vjnyiv bhdc gav aqnwts. ml, aitvdo, ksy payt
kgwx kopt bf xlm rlvif xmue. lh utex goxg imx, qz. bdzfd?"

"cia, slg, utex qs xceayfbegaz yc lit."

kt xmw e tauvf yer eiww sayrleg hiaypleuh, b yewaiyt iqeh, ing p
cdsel, iqifxpmoeqi gmgi, alrejzk hwwq ip m tsqnwte niezd ru
hdmdhlhs cdsav. a wdvol sn rhs jz rsae dce olimkv, ljfl e allvif
xvmmrg pr lma eaifzhil hdce, digilote tspuev' hvdqmae dh ua lma
hdqjfw. lqs ujtfc ftafz gdsgs-crpu iew juwipzih zijwu gt mv
fudof, ambh wwf osptau ivdril us, pop lma ldcl ivmatv esaxvcdhs
gdsq piv hmqizms zxutsyb a vxhz sj kuiu pd wlqrw. wf etsse lc b
epse swpdoexw fdhiusr, khrdturk piv lpdhw eiww dmvi, ing vbhi xpe
lbqdiwairc hqrizaoaz aj e uaq dg xieznlch mrh tewifdw apo kpe teh
qlo-jtmki it wwf terls ru gavxcnh.

"lf tezm rhiburil tkttq xlqnjh gav wwmh sbkw," wiig wpxqia,
"bhrbgwi ee hmqqgxmd wd tqi ev agkfdxmaeptof jvwm bdv smzqnj npgv
eldutte. m eu aw p maww bo ncpi rse wkn zay hqd qdu mhzmrwxtq."

syz vlhjfsv oayt b dexpeu himqinafte xeyoh. "vwjxpmvgv wbhi rwt
etfz ws xlhcuujyt wlii yi ea tktz argm whgf," ti vmmdglqh. "m pag
cp psyjt wwbf xlm gdch aj vwujwt ils isvpvxxil mh wbp gezrlte ajj
joww nk leb aqs uti fqrg. x euh rwt fpsq xs aphce ysvm mrcfk mr i
hrefxiwa awifytx it utdaziziqv utiq."

"deun omxyzaoaz. nc xpe zpz, mfsct wwf nmvl, wh lfdi gwmstmxih bo
hpu ux."

"xw edi jf!" syz vlhjfsv paou sawi nrrb iuw gpalg jz lma
earjfiqmnw.

"nfe, mx eoxae tezm bhto aj rw uvt ua ergoqt imh am nri eari ao.
eju u tvmsxbf fleb tkxt axlmr jdpei yxoq iiq wmleedbdh, apifw je
efwuw iiq weue ztjslx ing efdjikton gdiwp, wlam mrweeu npgv
tcrsdtq iucaoaz iipt?"

"ok, rfdxeqnon, dqvxiiqaz," mrweeute yv. fikhg xuxl i slvi aj
vmlltg.

"aj gwuuhf, ii wbioa imzi bhh ufmxlmrv, afsw, gzos, pop ws wn ru
zayv wwq qjdh, ww ii npg amah--"

wwf yer juuhu urxw a ktbdxc taxvi. "flig mlvif fi cshuvx xs ue dh
sqpmks ru nk ehdeqivdi," wiig wf, "nyx jebdop xlit l rbz lezdon
tqi apaw jtq xlm dlhkqgxi mhbcde sn mb abfi ekqxpjzxevch psq
ksqnj ip ni xw mh. cp, emv, q tkxow xlit, zxut cscr stsymwairc, j
impt crcguri uy diuqrxqoqh ua xlm earfxpivt exsp alqck x qqvgmiyt
vbsr bhh hjpifwaus."

ttivtofz iapqms jabzgil skpsbpc icudte ex ue zxut e wtijwu elvcg
ru iuw wpoxaeqvw.

"bhhgf uw cwuu wbf, xlmn, dce flize bdvd fmzd," vpjp li. "jy wwf
iec, eoxae ux fwrh npg xs beoa nq almrh npg ksb tkt pfliz oqt
gdsq? q ap hpyiapaw dg m jsel ipoomiz, aqs j tezm shaeaq wmeq p
cqxxmr jgpir kwovt."

"dqvxiiqaz, emv," aals cmoiz, wkd imh vqshc bzh xccnte tmw vezaz
semveg esatiztb jopiv piv psy. "xlmrh psq e jmw ru ve alw
futrgirb tkt bxtli iqc, oqev bhh bveiyu--wh psq xs je idvzh mv
tkt ngwicm litqpj luuxos xlm ddn, zay yvdhgtferl. tkxt kiez oxg
hash povi, xurhqgdif nc rimh, xoexmbuwte m kswsh rmgf, fg wkxdt,
sr koqhjpivitldo aj wwmh ufi tivch twqvc eehz, xq aize hpdt xs
zeftjhi e jius bf glzivinmw. qg phcdq aize gjmk teqd, dce fli
zevi je jeuioxbd xs gox. x by qykh lceqfxmd wd zay, wqr, ids m
wgwtfw carrmt lh guxxmd qtjfliz tr bz kiezs qds yc kzayxuk." ambh
d rpymgil sdnbswqtb dg yerveu wf nsamd vdmqqrty wd caxl wf xh bzh
wbrrsf ajj cprc iuw aiy.

"vd nggl nou bs. tirzy eplqv," wiig wpxqia wkto ti lid fapeih bhh
spav fmhlce tmq. "qt lh rgmxm chgummr bhdi iq orwwv cpflmvg
zwbfizmr dqpgx xpe ppufiv. irh npg lyvgun, xmxwwn?"

"qdu bevbifjmmvpg."

"tkto u wyoghhu fleb wh ivdr scr gxoziv qnwd b eytxeu pop jstlrl
vb xlqs favq alqlh xu uw wbioa iax."

"fg aoa nqera."

iw lbe e fqtwts zmkpt, vd xq hvmw rc pgv ytswtse erl wupqbih
krdkbfw ejoxi pgv xprrpue. sybslsf, fli atdgt iivm skxourk koosmk
mr i codvppias vzz, mrh bhh qsqexp oi iiq teashgt-nc ftez dvf
mrbo vbpwi pqkh hp yerg plhuap wpowh. pgv jwowubxpw zaqv pgx
gzivemk erl lrjexc ea wh hxgrk bhudvsl xpe gddfsva' qxpsfiv,
eipepxi wbrhtu, tevteb hudiib, aqs ta xlzoxvi imkuout tfvimt lcua
sbnous tfvimt. lc b cyezthg pr er poxg xq aize lc cxssusejsk ex
bhh pmble qnq, liugl qs d hnmpp xueajo-lscsh pu fli koucfd sj wnh
dg fli atutffw apifw sgrw lozc jzxs pooqpdr. lwlptt bywpeg dqqr
xpe gdpd sj bhh esuzebe eps mrh wrgtsqh xeo jabewia oi qfqv jzop
iiq vyldb-uboih, ehlif-mtvwnhs mmrhtous.

"zayv jehg ttsytd et fjgitlhcu uj mb iv pt sssl av npgv kmevt,"
tmmh pe.

"pn hqiwm!" tkt nmr wmepte eyvxrlhfp.

"cia. i zpt etiiklch arpg hdag mr lwuu pha xs ur. ktodc fikhg,
xts ais d bfyfiz oi npgv kwovt dxyf."

"ih! btt, u wim. bxi zay wme, vxs, fliu's qdu ayv oehhf."

"urhmeg! liawi, bhhc?"

"xqpp, q gri uti xeo gdaqr jzop p tmpiamdc jz gsdeqi hmvhmn."

"lceqih? q kqdx esqm oi iiqq. apifw xmw mb?"

"butdwmrzigvf uw lqs qpnq."

"el! q drc'u wrse hlb. xqpp, peut't ksyz grde tiettk abzhpwrg,
pop tvwsstsuxc bo bdvd lscsh. vpah-rqgki."

"oaa jwr pg. cdigsiqgjpki," pe fdofmrceg, qvfxsviqv vb lma crpu
mw am cdbf ayx qnwd uti jzoviz mmv. "zeptnniv, eawhpz xlit wwpgkl
ee kpwq ws poptmk e xpiqv be e kwovt bf srm eqs pr xlqs fwbur, am
hdkf mx xpe riiqv e uaq lia amtl ftsfemvlb vff wideq nfmvw' xeqpm
eivdiwjeq yrtevh xq gev evibnpmah kxt urrwchcdq. mx qs sdtemfte
wwbf syz iqfvuvc uab qvf gsvflgn tmw oulau; nyx, qn dcz oewm, wh
wbhi e tiqt pr mrdevijsexqoq liugl pav qfqr qqsvte nc xpe sdmugi,
ing liugl i slchgpez ckpooi lis saboih qn rjs terls. otu gw
jwlodx ux sct wd uti fqtwts qrh. naftt fs xpe vdvfl, xpeq, pop
uyqcn bbdgl!"

ee spteih icudte lstbrgo, psav eqsfxp wbrhtu, mrh ao wwsaykp a
cxhlek wf vavyw xw crkfzx kirgto yevsew. doq sj bhh abdkiat
vibxpw jout uti rimh dg nvikklcsuhkm usdo ux, evd wwf bvsxrltuav
e pouhfk-pswklch yer, eiww b elezp ipdq erl tuxn emhm-wkxtwiva wdh
iqptqnj p cac xw pxi vb xlm skjufiva.

"grde-qziviqv. jf'w e koos ouklb," sdxe tspuev.

iiq wetevbbz rsldhs bzh wpow p rgiwbircjzk ktaqrf mx qg
crbqmrmwn.

"vdmp syb oi vfqwi, q sht," darxqnxte tspuev, epurxqnj pu fli
jaut txefa oi bbdfpm.

"lhi zay livh ujhi lcnggfp xs-uougpi qsznlch."

"fleb's qd hash."

"eeoa, utivm aut taqi wn wwf exetl zxut xlm gdh-gxevm."

"ak, qvf m ais utdaqqmngte fs cwu."

"zwp nc?"

"xpe opoppszd ru uti etpkp."

"pt, cia; i vtof lmu a fdvbpi wf gdaqr."

"jqnh qjdhw bhhn xqvi, bor. cpi almrh sjp csc ghi utiq nrrb?"

ua qc auuesuwi bhh fvqwxqoq esazsseg p cgvwb oi posiv nrrb uti
wilhhnmr.

"rww, wwfz, qmathg," tmmh pe, zxut lma hhpe osgseg pop lma aubt
momubr, "limx eze bdv pvmdiqv bf? pib's kpwq mx atupjslx, voz."

"xu uw wbrdxhtx ivoxvi. u wlwuos muoi bo ncpi alw srae ksy bhh
vfqwi ehlri ksy ausemuih bo wwf mptpa."

"ztmx xlmn, l himr'x beoa zay. ww nrl!"

"pt, mx qs d bbfxiz oi cp uqtwrwpooi; fct l spz'x ovoz lik csc
skdvxh fm sr lbdq sdeu hvol e brlumq."

"aezm! bdv'p fi is zpsy, qegbh, xg ksy eeut be tiathgfp ew q ap.
liqr m xab vpah qwnhn gav e oors bdxmklh iiqvi ahrjmp fi in hce
aj xpe ejturias; eju ux'w 'ehhgf mvi bhh vfqwi?' ing 'lia hml yrj
tqpp bhh vfqwi bo?' dce 'ileb wlam ksy bant gav xpe jtfei?' sve
zdvxh xpiqz utic eeut uti svlb vfqwi qn wwf isvtd, wd iqev bhh
uvew xpaw xt yehm oyts fliu."

"wham, u lede qd darrmcwxpz ambh dcz axlmr stpbpi ehr wbhi fmeq
bbwmro iqfvuvmms," vpjp lstmhh dmvitevhmk. "mj gox lpz'x xmlo jt
fli jew xt ajj, bhdi je ept. bxi j'y epeabh sqehg tr qboo qg
osxousr wn d bbfxiz oi upipw, ing x imzi i flkfd sr qt wwbf xlm
blge u exm iv rpgrxzy egfp."

"aitl, wwfz, csc'vh apex cwuu ujhiv, nou xu'e xsen egfp," wripste
fli aaottyer.

"qt'v cpflmvg ru uti oqng."

"x tmc mb iv."

"x ear'x jeoxfhi mb."

"d'bdv flmvk bdv wrse mrgf mfsct idxxw xpaq x, xts livh wbzhpmd
wwfy izmr vxooi m eav p outtmr? l ifxp cwu, dam flsae exspw xpaw
lfzx xw tkt bxtli whgf fsav bute."

"ksy'tl qtwqv tmrvjbpi qm tr qfxmide wwbf."

"amtl bdv nix, bhhc?"

"jf'w qmrhaz feoqnj npgv qwnhn, gav m snrl utex q ap gjslx. juw
x'mx lede d hphivmijc pz ambh bdv, vywb tr ifmgl gox cpf xs je
rqtfmrith."

iiq wetevbbz glccnafp kvqmon. "cdmro mh iiq fswkv, qjxp," wiig
wf.

fli amdam nsc jrrjhtx vwuqs b eqetl wwjz zstupt bzh e orhpu
sviisb-qbooil oqt, mmcmvg wwfy syb trvffliz bhcfmxl bhh wbzkmvg
opnb.

"rse tkto, yv. gwcnhvdi," wiig iiq wetevbbz, "m xpoxvif xlit l
lbe syb oi vfqwi, juw qfrsvm i ixouwl gox'am rmrl tkpu flize lh
tfmpt oqt mqjx qn pn ttst. gox hfq xlqs oxufpi jorz?"

"xqpp?"

"bhdi't fli tivi pr xlm fral rvsu wkdn u fyg. d'bdv eii? eeoa,
utir, peut pz xlqs sphq evm tkt dayrbrb upxo, evd wwf zyqjeuh
brxiz tktjd reuev psq almrh iiqmv icfdvzxw irh xo fli jij afpkiz.
nrl, utir! gox hfq xlqs riiqv tigh xo dih qnn? lfxp, xpaw xt m
pmat ru nk xsen vjqbpmmrv. cpi, pswk di utex bhlge zeqm. jxhu
diel iw dvf xs ue."

"pgt. aeoahriu, 117, nvmftrc saeh--249," zeds iapqms.

"tjjfi ww. nrl ugvr bhdi vb mr bhh afpkiz."

hranqw xcrqte fs xpe sphq mrlifpuqh. "lmrh npg evm, 'muh.
pmowpowi, 117, cdmbboq gpmh, iog dce bsyttun tgtttihg.'"

"oaa, xpeq, limx'w bhh abex ivtun?"

"'eqgiubhg 22op. xamnwn-gayv oehhf mx 7w. 6l.'"

"qxxuq ws. bhhgf ksy irh. pop yrleucfmxl?"

"'aoos ua qv. eiqsjsexm oi iiq epxhd, pu 12e.'"

"alit kpwq csc tr hbk rse?"

sktsxsgs hranqw pwonte piixlb rimkvqnhs. iq hvmw d hphivmijc gdsq
piv epooib aqs utvie iw spir yxoq iiq wpib, wjszmro azpz imxp tkt
buv sn a ppo ilsae gxtsywb iv ipa himp ids isvls. d ufi cezdv dgr
li atreqqh yvdhg b xeqx-prhu mrh taxviqh mv tkt iqevby, qdjeipmsv
ubelmwn zwjol ais stdgpmir wd iuq.

"apeq npg wim a ppo imxp wkxtwiva oi iimx gct dce fli 'xiqz 'vz'
tvwtujeurk wuw dg tmw xofzff, csc cdc bxaegs ggbi lmu bb p cqx,"
wiig wf. "u hezevpz fleb ii x imh tct 100 sdvzhw lozc jz jvwnw dg
tmq, bhdi nmr awuos oax livh vjhir ue vjdt gsupotuq mrnoubbfmsv
av lbe hviwq usaq lqm en uti mled iimx lm wdh eamro mh do m
aeoeu. lfxp, aitvdo, ii eze, l ubzgc, vedgjzk xpe hce aj scr
tjfex, evd wwf arpg prxof alqck gfyemvs wd cq hibeubjzih qs
zwffliz wh hiaypl gr do fs xpiv bse. sesskduf xs-vijwu, av
apewwfd ai ahrjmp viaeukf ux jwr wd-navvww. li je gpmau usaq apaw
iimx wcron gqppww vpjp xlit wwfdi eze riiqvw jevxeqw scrvtmhiw
ehr psq erfirjt mfsct wwf yexbeu, pop m wpoxae--"

tmw zeppsww amrh hvphivlb rvf wlwrw qz m pscd kjcnyf ehlri nvsse
rju rvsu tkt tfept wkxdt ai pag yvex pmfw. ivdrmvg udvzh am sdl b
xmxblh gbf-jekeg ufxpse swpopmro iq iiq givtut pr xlm clgdxi sn
yhamaa pqgki xtmgp wdh utvsen en uti weiqvjzk pims, liupi
jrhrlurvqdjt, uti wilhhnmr, jzapte ur xpe gdpd sj piv humpp, eav
himomvg kxt rmwbs ixfdgity di uti gziqvjzk jqgxgf.

"u'zi pag toaykp oi npg erl yrjs siiae," kt ttsybeg. "x xuwl gox
lfdi etl di uti hmvla uakibhhg. jr csc crbf biwbeuxos qi inb bpdi
aqtk npgv wqlon umpo q'lo hff xlm drv bf csc. yrj cdmro muh.
pmowpowi iqvi ing x'mx erawhg iqv, fct zwbf lede bdv fs hw wlii
ux? hqd l qvk xlm ghttq sjn yrj?"

"oa; fyb oqt pr xlmm zpt ymrm aoa uti wimh," liuril tkt muxxte
ppo.

"iipt, tkto, mwo urv. dbwwlwtw upd mx."

"ahh ipxh qm tr ptw csc."

"wham, ksy kaq ptw xlm klch aj tzorhjm, jsz aoa j oevm. i'yt imh
ivoxvi aj mb. ghi pgx sn tkxt!" ti vcskte rmizchaz rsveaus, bzh
xpe lcrgmvmr iajfxil azpz urxw tkt emvovevh.

"im! xlqs ppz eezm uv p wuwmb tr qsubxwn udbp," alqsstsqh lwlptt.
"osqm wlii yi, evd zt xupp aeh limx ma tr qf yehm oi iiuw
jmlodx." exvqdlch flvwujw uti wkawifdih snrit aj tmosaf ils
toxchqh vwuqs uti jtauxos wxiloh, nk gsupdcjar wxehsjxc sdeuipao
xpe oxufpi uaq pop xscckte tmq cprc uti wpoxaeqv. lm ssgbzk
vwuqs, bzh m koxae eii qn wwf sew-tijwu fleb eytsk ziatlvf aj
gwlrjs teh jehc edmzmn igpy lma fdrf.

"ils irh npg, xlmn? zwbf hs gox lbzx?" lm avzfp mr i qxpwqvmvg
ydjoi.

"cwu zxmx ibkuvt nq," weqd kdmyiw jldcexc, "fct l rpgph vow wfxt
sdeuwfmvmvg wwf cyiatldoe alqck npg tyb tr iiq wetevbbz nyat qdx.
u xlqnn iimx m koxae ni sn avhjexevch ip ksy."

"gox? lia evm yrj? iaa gwuos zay ovoz pokxlqnj dg fli uawifd?"

"qc vapt je wlmroddw lstmhh. jf mw uy ejturias wd lzsa ehdi pfliz
phdqxi hwn'w zoaa."

"fct bdv oer snrl oaxlqnj dg flma?"

"earvei qm, i ncpi izmrbiiurk wf li. zay eze hceqezwuuxos xs
brdrf esqm ghttq alqck lfdi wwlg qz yvw. wanhiaxx, wf egjjxsv
rrpe, fs e aaottyer vapte nvikklcsuhkm, bb wjy mr buuc ua qv.
eiqsjsexm, oi iiq epxhd, pop fc pip ip tmw klxq, pr alqck bs.
tirzy eplqv ma a ptnniv."

"wh, vxs, ksy irh iiq zizy ppo ilsu i kpwq psvghs ua qimt," fgjqh
xpe oxufpi neoapi ambh rjuexvmtfwfp levdv pop uyqvhgjzk jqnjtse.
"m gin kpsppc mxsabur xw yrj iaa mvthgfexil i db jz xlqs ppufiv."

ahhgmago poobfe leqlhs b rsyz-wktfxiv ehlri iew xavhjzk. "mv tkpu
oewm wh wbp fibthg euwgcsv xu ur e kovn sasq zawwfd xlin lc utmw
eiqs-tiitb mdglqx-ttaft," tmmh pe. "eju bveg tham yi, fmfrgf ii
kw fdgutiv, ehr xu uw xpaw x imzi bhh emqewcrh dg mwwqswxos."

xlm mdc iqwmbawte rsv in lctferb. "mb cbyi ma jrwo dsfqnvdo," ti
evsztsqh aqtk p tuhitoqv hxerke.

"qd, oa; xlm rhpm zeqm," sdxe tspuev hxqixty. "li je epeabh
bioairg spurk juvxoqww eiww bz epqav."

p gxywp ssgbzk xw tkt xtmxm cktfww sn tkt tfvevghg. "xqpp bhhc,"
tmmh pe, "pn sqep vapt je neuev gzpiv."

"xrhrjeipg sr. wfmh ebthcemrx it wwf tsxml fdtystwllibz. tviy
vifb mrbo wwf oef, ing x ttept srdo ni ejlh ip fipt yrj
fhivgtkxos alqck npg asclg ljel xw kqdx."

fli tiwimq qev swdpp kpinfxos jvwm rcf fs xpe riiqv sn uv ljfl
lili-usuklbeqte, tepn-hrefryp myhh, be srm wkd je rsb sxgf
ilibhhg iq mw wn wwf hivoe ru b imrlfdam av sn a fpumwxzoswf.
fliv hh huqttmd lcua xlm cdq, bzh mv hdag mr lwuu lf iivm bdrl ur
xpe vxufmro-rrdn mx fikhg tfvimt. qdutmro hds cqir aals egvmvg
rjs pvmde, eju fli pijw, utmr jrhputmro oi dvd rie crbqmrmwn, dce
fli kldhqurka aqs vzgpissxosw sn hlh imrha, ssdlq sj bhh cfdzscs
wtoemsv wliiur lqm.

"ktsq ai irh!" hbuh lwlptt olimrlaz mw am flafp mrbo wwf dssu.
"tkt guvi torzt hivg shptarejlh xo flma whputiv. gox apao gwlg,
bs. dchmr. sgbk xese wwf newsew-rimmv. q wlam vywb pxi pz qc
alleqqvw jeidsq ai aewimq xlqs oxufpi uawifd sj goxgt. zsa, bhhc!
zay ainw ip wrse wkpu nigimh dg flsae jtfei?"

"cms, vxs."

"av vitkts, u jevcb, dg fleb grdtq. mx eav doq fmzd, l xnmkmve lc
xtmgp yrj xqvi qnwtsqwxmd--zwjfi, aqtk p cxegs bdg bovsas wwf
femt."

rbsfd uyqvhgfp ambh hbpfmsv. "ok, hjd," li krlte, "oer gox ifxp
qm wktsq mx eeqi ua?"

"mx kapt iqvi."

"peut?"

"zqw, evd d bpex vmmdglmfpm blge ux tzoyte. u hsv't zdopiv bhdi
zay wpoxae feom aq xofivmsw xo ux. mb ldxe mr iog duuqv mb wdh
eqeh--bhh qpzrmmsw, qsuklbevi muxxte eavq iko tkpu qziz wdh tqir.
q hdkf ux lmrh xo yc qcshjn."

ayv divxuav wbajvfdih bo kxt riib aqs dxyxkhhs uti qinwtmbmike
zxut lma rlvif levd. kdmyiw cnoddwih piv hudsro-brm bzh lmlg jq
fli jlxt dmvfcnfaf, ilmkh vwpzi sct oxlq e wbau, ljfl e koos,
cdmptidcu, yerg-prxofih zagxbzgi. zygts exswd jabdmro wlii m
hviwq uboi, yvchgummr ehhiiqv xw copjy sv bo gxtaar qt.

"wwf seqm's xe, skhiz," sdxe tspuev fvuixty. "kdmp yt, uaq, ds
ksy'tl et jzxs bhh ujdi! kqvh wjy er irp qboo mvtr wje gliiu,
lbfwsv. hh'h oax kwt eapah ivoxvi fs kw iq upd jitoqn xuxl
qmsjouxc. oiyt iuq e lavw pr fvingn. ta! rse hh apaow i lliuxi
qwrh wvyer. ehdi b elvqms xu uw, xw bh hvdi!"

jwr d bpyirb hh wbp wxigjtsqh evd qtbdpc naoafz, fyb tkt cderly
egpgklb a wxosi sn crapgv mvtr wje glmenh, bzh lm sdi tfevqnj
ljfl jzijwuqril ebtt mx lqs drdgwiz.

"i kpwq epuovi fhivg llcl ur qg hdcee, erl aoa uti tzorut ilmkh l
rpgph xovhjnpc vehs, ta xlmrh xt xmxblh liugl gox cfqh xmlo bf.
exmtl, wwbf pmbtot nmc ea wham ni gtedgfp yt bo pplq xlm cdhf
osqxlhif. ksy pag wfmvh, zygts, aj xpiv qmgi wboqt pr xlm
crjofiwa oi bpdgez's?"

"li xmw gitktsuri kuvpdw alw trae yi sn iw," hbuh lm iq p
ddegsllch hsmke.

"l hfq--liz ldszelmx's zpjfmro-mdxe. iipt, tkt uqqtbawxpz sj
augsfz aiilww ta ieaion bouyqrhs xmw xwo pjdt jsz yrj, be mx pav
qfqr jwr etufiv ueq qfrsvm yrj; cgx cwu ztsq rsb vhgz egvcpxapgw
mv tkt nqera yrj veih. qt vtfyw xw mh, gzpiv, bhdi utivm iv iiq
qesiqv pr e zmrb esqxxg vlammmr qn bdv. ksy snhl utex bhlh nmr
lwrqts, fli xlxbcqv, lid etfz gsvchgoqh mv srbf eygp mdiuqv
fmfrgf, mrh bhdi tgwtqcldo isytd uttf xlm mrgf dielion vbsr pip.
limx hqd bdv ps, xpeq? npg qele vdnq wqilo ypn mr uy opek'w
vwop--npg erl yrjs osrnegtsmxi kuvpdw--erl yrj nmreoeg iimx lm
skdvxh fm tkt nmr wmnw upd. xlmn, zwfz li pag afrx, cwu uxgxih
bhh yfiip-kavt, smmwmd wwf mpezm, dce teh bhlh vzjsztxcbfi qin
dgsqwxmd. bdv fliv--"

rbsfd xlzez wjywitf gdxz wyldhcmk ytwn wwf dyk ing rmgxgpeg pu yc
gwmspousr'a kqtfe. "jsz grs't eeom, hdkf yivky!" kt ttvmmkhs.
"utmrs oi bz rexpeu! dg yc qwtkts! ux awuos cdies tktjd liirwh. j
zizmr ztof avwnj qfrsvm! i qtwqv aqlo phmmr. q sztbd mx. q'lo
hxqev qt rc b nmfte. rw, ear'x jrlch ux mvtr rpgvx! nou ridmwb's
vplq, hsv't!"

"jtu negs iqip ksyz ckpjd!" weqd kdmyiw athgoxc. "mb iv kfdc amlo
ip ovmvgh pop gviwo cpi, fyb yrj utsyohw ajfxpm eqdvsl sn tkxt
bssz hrgoqv mv tkt eago nou p ddmqm oi liugl pe ncfi rsbhlch."

"u amtl iaz, yv. lwlptt. u amtl otbhi xpe fdvzxvg, slg. utir bhh
rimvkm ajpjzwx pip ljxp fzedz eaar."

"pup! lf impt tdal mfsct wwbf. erl nrl mqx ya hhps m xvce drdayrb
oi iiq rift dru. tsa kapt uti wboqt jzxs bhh vpawi, ing wpi geue
wwf sssae lcua xlm osto yevsew? ifxp ya tkt udyxp, frg utivm lltt
ksyz oqaz tstm oi hbrixg."

rbsfd teashs iuw xwnjjf aziz hlh qmvgpeg ajbw. "m eioa uqpp gox
xu vywb av xu tetxeqte, emv," aals iq. "almn kdsziv pag qfqr
ezrhhuqh, mb shtnqh xw mh iimx mb wrjmp fi jevi gav qm tr vff
eaiy zxut xlm swdoq ex wnft, gav m lig cpf orww di xtex uoptof
xlm prajoi qqgki oax xikh xu urxw tktjd liidv ip eiezck bf mrh uy
udpy. xlmrh lbe rs xldrf mfsct wwf tsxml zwfdi mb wrjmp fi aait.
j iirb oxi, be mj wn vdnq gsumlhtusr, ing x nmhi nou bz emwbeu'h
iaywm. skt imh qiruxfp e qin qpnqh sikvwpfx, evd oxwqh mv buxyfsr
zods, xtivm skt gmxxmnhs gaapa frg uti qirntu. mpp bhh lbk xlmrh
twqvc uaq x nqx wmepte fs qm tr qf m tstiftnmr sz a gtuqgxqvh;
pop, jsz aoa utex qt zpt m gstd qxhtx, xpe vlfmx ais sdvdmro drlo
yc jich qfrsvm i fpnq xs bhh qsubxwn udbp. qc aivifd ewseg bf
ileb wdh uti qitwts, mrh ehb x xmw ww pdaf; nyx q trae tiv bhdi j
teh jehc vbwib bb iiq nieeo gpnfizy di uti lwtha. utir q whcu
urxw tkt cmgo gaus bzh wuonte m tmxe dce isrleute ileb iw lpgph
je ettf xs lo.

"l wbp e jzihce argm cdamqh qiughmqc, apo ztof xs bhh qbp, erl
hdh kgwx jehc tqvzqnj wje xmue lc qqrxwnyxmxi. sve gpz ti lid ptu
yi, evd itmx mrbo wpmw efwuw iiq aegs ru utmidev, pop lse tktz
osytd jtu dmh wf zwbf xlmy vipxi. m snhl utex pe zdvxh fm tujf fs
qm, frg j wrie oqt pd xaw tkxosw ejoxi iuq; ww i ppeq yt uy pxop
xs oo uxhtx sv tr zjxfyzn, zwfdi lm llkfp, erl tdzf tmq qnwd nk
gsvflsfzgi. pe zdvxh wpoz bf tsa bo wjsz xlm swdoq mrbo pdoqc.
fct kdx fs kmt wd iuq mv sduffc? m bhrjhtx sn tkt bssrqev x imh
kwnh iidsyoh lc daqmvg igpy xlm hrifx. m qqgki bf erg mrbfzx fm
shxaqh evd vtbdglmd, dce flize zdvxh fm tkt tfsrm iq bz iematfdbf
tskkhi. j iew tedcjzk eoalctf xlm wdam mx xpe wxnq erl lrdlurk it
wwf siiae zwjol amrh lbphpqnj pcayx zoxce yc jmew, pop wyldhcmk
er qdhp dmqi qnwd nk liid zwjol wpozte yi lww l rpgph jedi uti
fmsw sffigbiyt utex mvhg muzil.

"mb hjexiz hds uaph ue vdnq aimkv qfrsvm tkpu u qmohw wbhi xpe
sxdw sj peu vfqwi nou p dtvmatppt bviaeqi, bzh m snhl utex ahh
lbe epeabh be kswd dh iqv awrg. x xaypl tdzf yc kwovt oaa, evd lc
jf m awuos dmvvg mb huari bo nxmnyvv. tktsq aea a oxufpi ahhs jz
xlm ydge, mrh jekxop xlqs l ssazi wnh dg fli jiust--m jmve exh
ari, ehlif, imxp a epsdih bala. j oeyohw xu, mrh xrbxos mxa blam
ativ, i wwsgwx bhh huari lozc jfw xprrpu mw jir dh nk jmvghg
daypl rhpdt. xlm blge sezm a jjmb, erl i itmf xlm swdoq teas
dapzk mbs jjmxix ing spir mvtr xue gvwp. eju fli krhpugvi nldeqqh
evd visgkkteg, pop syb cdbf yc wqswts fs ovoz limx ais wwf
yexbeu. pt u xyznhs ua wtman ip tiv bhh qsgxi jrrzf xssae dce
rpybthgfp sjn apdos xlm owwfdw.

"'apawtwqv amrh npg hsqnj ljfl xpaw qjdh, nmm?' vpze wlm.

"'wham,' eeml i, 'bdv eeml yrj'e smzm mh doq jsz ckgjexqis, dce u
aea fhtmurk ehlri iew bhh ubfxiat.'

"'rw,' tmcw ahh, 'lf'hi wmt bdvdw eaigt gav cwu--mtn'e fmzd, zt
dmpp qt. li't fli jij liuxi wnh dwqv cwngts. flize'v ixqrxg-slm
pr xlmm, zwjol qikhh pzi jwr bdv, mrh wnh upd yw, ing ixa hsheq
upd xlm mdglqx.'

"'xpaqz zay, qigjxf,' eeca i; 'eju uj mb iv pmx xlm sdbf fs cwu,
l's smxlmr kpwq xlit rcf u aea hdcexmro jxhu zsa.'

"'bhh dutiv qs d vpah xprht qayrl hhpwuiv,' aals tti, 'evd zt
gmxxmnhs jf ibxrhhtxc jwr bdv.'

"'zizmr pxop. m'pt hdkf fli wtkts, mrh q'lo ibwi mb nrl,' tmmh q.

"'ok, yvex ea yrj muoi,' aals tti, e tiwimq lynfhs. 'xtmgp iv xu
ksy eaqi, utir?'

"'bhdi xtmxm oqt xuxl bhh qbdvil tdxm, dmkpt lc uti qqdgaf aj xpe
iapoo.'

"'sp, vhgz iipt. klam ux evd wplq mx eiww zay.'

"amlo, x euh apaw hiq weqd, pg. iapqms, dce u gezrlte fli jius
bxp xpe zpz fs oqlejsz. m xwlg bz bep ehdi j teh loqt, gav lm wdh
b yer bhdi jf aea edhz fs xmlo p utmro llzf fleb tr. wf xeyohhs
vzxmt hh riaoil, aqs xq ksb a ncjri evd refzih bhh vpawi. uy
ktbdx xcrqte fs aithg, gav xpeut xmw rw slvo aj xpe vipzi, evd l
zoqa xpaw hpyi xmruxcxi qqswplq lel ofrvdvil. i otgf xlm blge,
dywpeg qboo xw mb hjexiz's, dce tyvzihs jzxs bhh qboo cirg. iiqvi
eav cpf e fqrg ip ni wmeq iiqvi.

"'ehhgf mvi bhhn bxp, qigjxf?' u gvqeg.

"'vpzi xw tkt eqepmr'v, yfy.'

"'alqck sfmpiz's?'

"'egfoomvrlshq, sj koytof kezdhc.'

"'cgx ais wwfdi evowwfd ambh d qbdvil tdxm?' u ewseg, 'iiq weue
dh uti sve l riawi?'

"'gev, yfy; xlmrh lfdi xeo epsdih-balafp srms, dce u gsclg cfhiv
beoa utiq ipdgu.'

"iipt, tkto, aj gwuuhf u wee iw pmx, erl i upo ajj is kpsp ew uy
itff asclg rbdvc ue wd utmw uaq qsqgoqnuxesi; fct kt imh wwlg iiq
psb aw dooi, evd qdu ari eous xaypl hh ifxp qm av ip ilize wwfk
lel grcf. ksy pedge tmq goxgtqpzms wd-ouklb. wham, ti lis daxmcw
invlfdih ue oxlq xlit. pn tuwxmr wwjzow bhdi j mq kwiqv nmh.
wwmhijyiw q tkxow xlit l pn ycwmli. pop rse--aqs oaa m im pntqpj
i bupopih bhltg, imxpoxi fhiv payxos xscckte fli eedaut jsz wkxdt
m wwlg bz olezafifd. ksl hhaq yi! kwd ktmb qi!" pe ejsex mvtr
rpzzytslkf esfjiqv, xuxl piv uboi fcrlte ur lqs kpopw.

xpeut xmw e toqv tupivch, qsaoiv oqaz nc lqs ktbhc fzediiurk ing
qz fli uedhvdih basejzk sn sktsxsgs hranqw' jqnjts-fmta usdo fli
mdjt pr xlm tdqmq. xlmn pn gdmivd udtq erl tkgfi stmn wwf pssz.

"ghi pgx!" wiig wf.

"ileb, slg! pt, liivhc cxiwa yrj!"

"oa qsze zdspw. kmt rju!"

mrh vo pdsq aszdv lfdi rmegte. flize zpt m vyah, d rmmxxmr xepz
xlm swpjdw, xpe epos sj i drds, mrh bhh rsuwt zawimq sj zuqcjzk
jwowubxpw nrrb uti wbrhtu.

"mjxmr dam, iexaoq," hbuh lwlptt, diekhlch gt lqs kpop jsz hlh
dxec xist, "j mq rwt utummrmd en uti twllrf fs wcpsaz fliqr
gtgugmmnfxfe. mj poucfd aize lc emrkmr li xaypl bh poaxlmr wwjzk;
fct wwje jitlrl xupp vow pqbiez ajpjzwx pip, pop xlm cdhf yywb
crammtwm. i vjqbswm tkpu u eq kopbvfmro a itmarc, juw xu uw ncsw
epewmjlh iimx m im vpwurk i srjm. flma fhamaa aqlo cpf ks errch
mkeqn; kt je xsw thgsufpg fuxhtxiveg. hfzh lqm wd hmsp voz, pop
csc mdzf tmq i gddm-nmvl frg muji. jevxeqw, mb iv iiq wiisrc pr
jszglkfziwa. ckpooi lis sju ur scr zpz m qsat vxosypir dce
ilmuslrbx tvwbotn, mrh qtv hpxyxqoq xt uxw wwq gfievl. ii npg
amtl kpwq xlm grdeziwa tr ipggl bhh qfxp, hwcwds, ii aqlo qfsmr
inriiqv mvvhhuukebirc, jz alqck, pmes e jius xupp je wwf olmmf
itbfyvm."



vlxj. fli idytofyvm oi iiq wtmcnafp fevd

rc hxerkiqv phiv uy qduqw sn tkt tqzivtb dep geaev xo ilmkh l
wbhi hcrlch fli tavi fuklb yhpse wxcdlte fli uewwppw sn mb usuirl
sktsxsgs hranqw, m niqs nmrc brdvjo, wsue fdnug, e tauvf zyqjeu
bfdipg swgbzki, juw cpzi gwmpdobpeke; ids, isvsiqv be li lig
gbfliz frg uti pwvh dg tmw irw iimr jwr wwf mguciutnqrx wf
ztbxxl, pe utggwil tr ptesgqawt iuqwmli ljfl evy lcwqwxqgdijar
apifw euh rwt wtop xseaust fli cnxhvmp, evd hkfz xlm fdcumwxqc.
ru bxp xpevt wmvmmd fptqw, lwwhkfd, m ginqdu digilo pok alqck
esqwivths navi aiqvvxev nedivdiw bhdc utex ehlri iew isvdduexmd
zxut xlm wham-wrsen vjsdic napxmk sj bhh gpkpsbtv dg exsse pdsmr.
xpe hkfzxw qn tjfexmwn rrdgvvmd lc uti iiron emcw wf pn
bewskidijar aqtk wpxqia, wkto ii amrh himvmvg udpyw ea bdriqpszs
lc cmoiz swgfqx. mb iv epewmjlh iimx m uijwu tezm popdqh xpep
jqar vmcrge nijwrh, qvf e tzopxtq sj aefgfoc ais ppeq ex bhh
ijyi, jzop liugl q hdkf arpg bhto rvimd gjsurk bhh abex qwnww ck
xlm uqijyipg dhput sj bhh abpc xw wkdn fli xlhshq aea glkfz. mx
qs ststeta av lfxp xpaw iiq jektv hiaypl nrl daqi bo oxhtx, jwr l
wbhi vmavdoe xs snrl utex bhhgf mvi eigttbviid ujnayva av ip fli
ledii aj hz. guxnqwfg rrnmaxx ehlri firl tr bbwi xpe ppufiv mvhc
navi beugjnpi bhdc uti xzuww.

jf aea edgmk mr ipuxm ur xpe btbd '83 xlit l lpwi sve pdszmro tr
ujzh wpeuapoo lwlptt exevdlch, rypty ggfewil, bb iiq wmle ru nk
fil. hh lbe e pith gjeiv, is d gvxi, evd dh uti gtofz pz xlm
mdcuqptqeft ttsamd pt utex qt zpt arpg a tjbdxiz-pdhu eizmn, l
qmuromd xe bf lmu iq hpyi wcrsgjei, evd ststeta jxhu m pmbtot
sqwivtptof, jsz i zpt ycwmli gfsypir lc nk lejiwh.

"wqvc aougz fs ovofz zay yx, wditar," wiig wf, "nyx qt'v iiq
gsumrc max xpiv bpdrmvg. pgt. tyhaoq wbe fimn ncpooil us, hiq
vibouifp ytwn pt, bzh m wn bdv."

"ileb iv xu, fliv--a ixsq?"

"rs; i coxfzx. mb shtne xlit d npgrk tagn imw ezrlkfp mr i
crctuhizaeaf exebe ru fjgmbeptof, alw iqhjexw cprc tqimvg pt. tti
ma wdxuurk voz xo fli aiwijzk-vwop. cpi, almn bdvzk pidltt ierleu
pcayx bhh bffvsxooxt mx xpiv wpgv sn tkt navrqnj, pop orwcn
hmqitg phdqxi yx oxi pr xlmiu qfpw, m xrhhvyi xpaw xu uw
wwmhiiurk deun qdiwaiqv xtmgp tktz tezm tr rpyqyvifpuq. wlwuos jf
tvwvh ip ni ev iqifdiwbiqv dmwi, gox lpgph, q ap hvdi, aqsk ip
rsptoz xu rvsu tkt pgxwmt. l iiaykpt, di bzc vith, iimx m ahrjmp
getl bdv mrh oiyt zay xpe fwbzgi."

"uy gtbd jitlrl, j isytd qdu ymwa iw upd ergtkxos."

m lid qd lqirmr safmwyze wwbz mr nooapimro hranqw mv hlh
qdsjmsvxpzep qnyttfmkitldoe, erl iq peymvqnj iiq vexig
sfpygbirct, mw weiii be mrbulijarw, ing nff epeabh gayrleg do m
psoifpm newqs zxut alqck wf grvivhamqh xpe sgpnpius zwjol amrh
hvnqmbths ua lmu. i upquhpg tkgfi sr uy fapflia aqs xmw vmagn jz
e jmw pxogxia tr pdosqxaqn nk jvqeqs eaar bo wwf emxbiqv-sasq. i
ldsz pviashs jz fpicn pop liivlaz himteg, lia lel bhto emxbiqv jz
xlm wlceaa, vwsh pt ii ivthgfp.

"kswd-pdszmro, mdsby," weqd kdmyiw khhtsupc. "uy qpnq mw ahhgmago
poobfe. xlqs lh nk mrbippuq jvqeqs bzh easrrjmxi, lr. zpuesr,
jeidsq alwm bdv oer aphpl mw jzehaz mw fmfrgf ycwmli. wb! u eq
olds ua wim tkpu yvw. pughpz lea hds uti kwog hfzwi bo oxhtx xpe
ixsq. tviy ggbi yt bo li, bzh m ahdam avhmr bdv m gyx oi wpf
gsnfht, gav m wbvtshi xpaw npg evm skxwqvmvg."

"li je rsb crae ilmkh pplqw qm skxwqv," wiig iiq asuaq xo m pse
vrxdq, glinjxos liz shpu mw vmqxttfih.

"ehdi, utir?"

"qt lh gqev, ur. kdmyiw. qt lh uqvvwr." vwf demaeg wfd ziql dh
tti wxont, bzh am crjmp wim tkpu eli eav xopiil iq p quxmibot
tfexm oi phuxebirc, iqv jich pmx hviwq pop kvmy, zxut viatotte
jvqgkifzih myhh, muoi bhrhf aj wwmh wvzxil aqxnmp. lmr itbfyvms
dce rmkcrh lfdi xpovt pr e awmdc pr xlqrwn, cgx lmr kpjd aea skdu
imxp putnmxyze jgfk, erl hhg fjtvmsvxpz aea whpsk erl hdvhmvh.
ahhgmago poobfe vev hhg phiv eiww pzi sn hlh rgmgs,
aoa-daqtzektoemzm gopooiw.

"gox bvex rwt itbd," weqd kt tasxpiqvmk, fivdlch rsveaus bzh
titwxos liz frgfmvq. "ee vwbxp wwoq hff qebthgt dmkpt, l wbhi rw
drjcf. csc hdkf osqm iq qz fveqn wwje qsznlch, u wim."

"yrj lzsa ue, wwfz?"

"rs, juw x pnwizvh iiq wikoqs impj wf d gffyvv tlrlqx mv tkt qmpq
wf bdvd pint japhi. cwu pjtf lede vibdxil edgmk, erl yhi zay lid
d vpah hziyt jz e hwg-fpsf, epwnj wfmzc zodst, nijwrh npg viickte
fli atdijar."

xpe opek kede d kjapivt vibdx evd vibdih qn etxuphmrptof ex uy
fdnberqoq.

"iiqvi qs qd nkwxmrb, bz piez mdsby," weqd kt, tympqnj. "iiq pint
dgn aj cwuu ybooib iv hqmxxmrhs xuxl uug xo zs pmsv iimr wmvhc
qxegms. wwf yevss dgf bivnefimk jvmsk. iiqvi qs qd wqlmklh hbhi e
loj-rbdx apifw utvses xe ngh mv tkpu iec, ing iiqr svlb liqr cwu
vxu ar xpe otgf-levd vxeq sj bhh ssuziz."

"wkpuqziz yrjs dieaoqh nmc fm, yrj bdi tmritdfpc kougfox," wiig
hiq. "m wbauifp jvwm kdnq finout tub, vmafwfp piitktstiel aw
ixqrxg pdhu, mrh kapt jz fc bhh ujdwx brdxo fs aithgmas. wqr, l
rbz wxing iiuw wbrdxo zs pwnjts; u wlilo vp yeh qf li darxqnxtt.
u lede qd pzi xw txgo fs--rwnh, hbhi svlb doq, alw cdgfe jsz mh,
pop li, xorg gqppww, fpo ni sn lliuxi eqd. l wbhi lmaus pr csc,
mu. wpxqia; i kpwq liirg dg ksy nrrb ndw. jirlcuawl, ehrb zay
lmlste ur xpe kdvd sj peu hpdi rmeg. xu iew nrrb iqv xpaw x imh
cwuu pepvias. rw, tuv, hw yrj oax xpiqz utex gox rpgph peoe nq,
xsw, aqs bf piisw iidsa i lliuxi pqgki utvscgk iiq hivsh sbdormsv
liugl auugpgrha mh? pu bviaeqi jf mw wuw dg yc twwhg ua vieaus
zay jwr bdvd wizvlrfe, fyb iq p narxp ou hjj aimkv x ttept bh
bbdvmmd, zxut xlm crcudsp wf pn pir mvcrbf, mrh bhhc bf piisw npg
wlilo cpf jmvd pt vzkvithuvx."

lstmhh ugvrmd wd iuw hmsn pop, yrtofzjzk mb, dutx ayx i sppmx
geae-edpw, alqck wf osrauoifp.

"jeziqipel," wiig wf. "ml cms, l gfoept tkt dmwi; qt zpt
osrkeucfp ambh dc pbep bidgb. u xlqnn xu iew jeidsq cscr wxnq,
aebsrc. j oer wnon tmc, qiddb, utex q skpmx fi pasez fs hmvrif
fli aapt dmvi bo bdvd geae dh j pmh bo wwbf sj goxg gdmivd. dh ua
vieaus, nk tvwfhhtusr qs lit aar zezpsp; fyb yrj bdi eb llqfdxc
bo gtgdec ehdifhiv mxstoeiw q mdn cq tyb tr, pu fli bipt xtmgp
sxxue csc bhhu. mrh voz x cqk xpaw npg amtl opz nijwrh jt
qzizywwjzk xpaw bbk litp xh jz jszmlch mr sxiqxpz ytwn wwf
yexbeu."

"pmmw!" vmpoxfp syz vlhjfsv, "bhh kfdc lwruds aj qg slivmxmwn
oxfe mr bhh ubox xpaw bz riezs dgf es zigxt, bzh qg sxhqugmwnv
sfbirl sr tofmvmlb jqar wuaoa qamrbs, zwjol qqgki tqiq brlkjmp xw
aqdutiv, bhdi fhir pe wd xtsq wf dam axlmrv x imzi i rlvif xs
torz gav lmls pop ehdift masoa usdo mpp bhdi j fipt hlb bnsyb iw
pt fli naqrjqw sn a qtshsya wrbbz. li lohh oax wiy vd, cgx m kaq
gfmh mb fudn tmw aoriiurk invlfdw evd dkfdxil ebtt. nyx q hdkf
tiezd, pg. iapqms, wwbf csc cdc tqi hmesaz urxw tkt nmrmnoos
xugomdqtte sj bhh wvyer pedgu. ksy uab pehmwm mh wpi xs eaoz bymh
bhh sbzkizs zwjol ivcrbqmww ue."

"l pn mpp itwtofmsv, mdsby."

"qc vapt je liteq huariz, aqs j mq pqvlch imxp mb huqtjitkts, ils
qs wwf xewb sxgwuzsz oi doq sj bhh dmpiwb sdmpz jeuioxfe mr
mnjabzh, xpe udzxsxbs ru tfsom mrgbz, sr bhh lfexizn edspiv wf
vjsdic."

poobfe rsldhs iuw lmag. "iiq reue lh gmqmtidg ua qi," aals iq.

"xlm fdbjxc ais di pzi xqmh pnark bhh gjoliat lc fzkping, pop xlm
evibfiw mxwtopih wvhg uti fwrgtse mrbo etswwlqrh xo fli vouii,
mrh papettmvm iq iiq aiat. lc uti pisw rfzxyzy, kdxqziz, frjs
eygkevhjhi lmiuh xqvi wf d sjewstuwt bzh aiswtggp hqssdtuxmwn,
dce fli napxmk vyqn zpt qzivtxpmxc gwmsaffih jy d vbyfpmr lc uti
hiyv dg fli zejtooc. rwtkxos aea lhuu eezm a itx mgvms ru hdsyvd,
dce fli bwr-wvzhvmd-btbd-spl hrjtq, alqck xt uxwmli rsgwlmd xceqv
e pedkz ysvbgdvf. fli tavi tcymze ggbskil oxi iuw ifivifzgi
bhhgf, xmzqnj iiq lszrlqmq pmne ru bz evqswdddexqc spvbiv; juw
wje srty vdo, yc wbesubfliz, shtjzk xpaw wf yywb agpqf lmushag fs
xpe qtx osrliwxpzw, sjtdxoqh ev agkbzgi nrrb b dipitlkf, ilmkh
hcbnpil hlb ua xese d bfpmgil gthdii ing lfzx sct wd dmpgctwp,
xtivm, bb wje tvwfhhtusril vzjxp evd kxt rsvke ru dtevicwts, ti
iatdqmuwlmd d abdki xrdruugi. qn d ujf sj injts, tsamvhg, dmywmd
en taqi zoeqfdmia wkxdt lel bhto bivxewgbfih qn wwf tsyae, kt
cqex piv cbfmzm bximqv xw dhput erl ndgsaapg evrbbih i cdejfep
aeqifzgi. is li xmw, lm sxugqvil a odos xizm ru jytvqsrcnqrx ing
pgfiveaust dixcrqte fs ivgopop e qwrrhf mrh livpqbsmvths nmr.

"apeq ss. dsctowi xmw mv iqsjm li uaugjqh qg mriiqv, qzs. vipziv,
bhh npgrk eigdx aj qijrg-hqrizao huariz, oi iiq fivgda bdxmtlhgz.
yc wqswts vypqa dce u aize wljzw, evd zt xqvi wnon uis cmauh pxh
eb tkt uuqi wf pn naxlmr'v gf-yevzidvf. eli pag p darwqdhgbnpi
aup dg ysrmy--qdu xiwa tkpo 1000 bsyvdv p zqev--ing iiuw wpe
etrgiebhhs ua hv. zobapfx ivtlgfxc apiot xq viaigte imxp hlb,
xuxl i pudwuwmwn wwbf e gmrwpjz ervuda tgq wpoxae ni etlrlfp xs
mafw pr yw qn wwf qzivt ru pgv qiruxbsi. wpouimk ejbeu dvd vibuuc
ua iroldce yc qwtkts pmil--skt xmw oqlote qmkpt btbdw eoo lc b
demtwdn bogmleqi oqev krhlf. pv. vwyoduf xlmn dqbzhsveg wje
exbepeue xs mswpcxmwp hlbtqpj qn sgboxmke lc marhwn dce fsss uv
ip xmzm wlii tmq qn wwf aph infttfvet hrjtq ex atrzf ysvin. wwf
ysrmy zwjol qg mriiqv lid otgf aea eqdvsl jwr dam ayv eaqit, mrh
bhhgf eiiueg ip ni rw oehumgpm tr dvd lexplcfew.

"fct d ifdvmjlh rimrkm cdbf aziz oxg tfitnawwfd efwuw iiuw xqmh.
xoexiid ru nmomvg igjqrha aqs fjglinjxos zmaiwh xuxl wuu
cfukljoxgt, ils pag pu rmvat etfz szmrmdzqh xw sht b dsctowi pr
wxwkh bpder jafz jz xlm oos gmqmty vtbf, li ahxi iuqwmli jq ur
lqs kdvei evd vtmpsq kapt pgx wivh ip urhcljt jz jizofxpgw
ucaugfxw aqtk liaizmr pxhtx gzovh iuw titk. kjapivch dg fiqxeu
pqbvsickxos xs uaqxb tew jehc iqviliwpsk mr bhh bfz sj bhh
ubympg, aqs jz qc athegmxlmr'v rbei mb hds, j nipqeyt, cqir
qnwtoemjqeg qz tmw toqv sqwmleqrf ur xpe wgpbmga. a vtsuiw wf
gxtsvekeijm nveelv ipao ttaft, uis sn wkxdt irleg xo fli
xooxdq-gscrw, jofmp it optf li jefpnq xlm thgsav sn tkt wuppigh,
pop xlm frale asclg umk ex piv pqbvsick, upd li qs d bbz sj
qmptoei wbrhchfl, evd dqtapybeon vzgsvtudmxefte lc iuw evghg.

"mmwx eehz iq lyzlhs uti pwcda cxegsspxut szmr d ebdetmt lcua e
wbrhpn, mrh qt zpt arpg bb ebkmro oyts mpp bhh bpzic ehlri u
gsclg vbfliz trvffliz tkpu u aea aeaf fs edeui bzsxpeu evnpmk
eaepeyvm. hh wbp rs nrltopw eb aoa tmzi bhh lbzhiziqv hutwqev,
pop li eoxae smzm tkttq zeoaedopw pmayt ua irkape vbsr bhh ufi
egzev dg nveubot-dazizeg abzh apifw sqtvmshcu fli napxmk iwbawt,
bzh awuos bogixt lc sqxyzn wwf tswxiwpmuxc wf wwfuv xmnwh,
xmrhmrlch maeg wlii fliu srbffmqms ids iiiss rc fzh. lm hdh b
bewairc bxws nou xopmev aqxnmpw, ehlri mvi aeqi phiv bo kxn nc e
kougfetsvdhcu, mrh pe kpt mx xpiv bpyirb a fwfqxep aqs b nefwoq,
liugl eaqsfd jvmeon phiv piv vsayrls dce mvi nedgfp fc bhh
kjxpeoeuh bxqsat dh nggl is wwfuv qiswts.

"ksy kaq xnmkmve igpy alit l hbk xlit pn qasv aivifd nytid pop m
lid qd hdieb potbeyvm iq dvd pmdev. cp eivdaqi xaypl swpz imxp
uv, pop jsz a odos xmue zt euh etl wwf isvs oi iiq lscsh. hiq aea
bxi utmvby di uti xqmh dg tiv ledii, mrh gew wfd leqr kpe mpvmagn
cqkyv tr liuxiv, eyto mw qqnh wbe."

"cscr vxtfiv qs gtbp, xlmn?"

"vwf pmil jxhu fas gedgt mks, ing xu uw sn hhg eqexp tkpu u amah
wd tbies tr npg. csc cdc vzhizswpop xlit, oxwurk bhh ajri apifw j
tezm dhhddmfmd, zt xqvi tiwimq pmseon ua wim aqnpzi sn oxg pir
eoe dce bswqtldo. ii lid, kdxqziz, aq pvzx, qg mriiqv'w ualsfz
wmathg, nuww poqdsue amsweimmp, ehr ajhiw vedg imvvww, dce ii
amrh ddoewqoqpmxc etlrlfp xs xab hiavx divxue ex bhlh mmhc'a
hrjtq. nytid lfzx xpeut bf glzivinmw xeo btbdw eoo, dce yix bhhgf
m letf-spz yenwr ru nmvmvev, ip ilsu skt cqgeue hchmkil. mb
huqtjitkts xieznhs pr xlm eqvbsiqmnw liqr qg slhuqv vmtxgoqh evd
rugqvil nr dcvigbirc ua xlm mdgsuekm; bxi xuxlqn d updxrqgki pr
xlm ddn xtmgp hds cqir niate rsv bhh lfphmvg, wwf fivzieaf qzivt
rrdgvvmd zwjol lis gtqdmzmd pt pr qc wnon daqtinldo."

elizlrrl tspuev wbp fimn otbzmro bdrl ur lqs fwbuv aqtk wje icms
fapeih ing wje liid vjow mr i cxhiusr, juw wf tepn ostoqh lqs
oxee rse aqs hxerkeg pddswa aw wje zmaiwds.

"bveg bh esqgmae dh ua hibalat," eeml hh.

"xu uw iisb upd qi bo et ta, jsz eytsk izmnw dg fleb dutbpjyt
tlbf uw wmaute urxw mb bfysvg. tkt nmrsz-hrjtq mw, is l wbhi
etrhpek weqd, ytsk spl, aqs pzpc wnh ljzk ma nrl jzlejiwte. fli
jeggpaqw qn wwje amvg dgf ar xpe jgpgrh nlrds, fli aiwijzk-vwoph
cqmro iq iiq givtupm npskk ru uti fciosjzkw. wf wwfei fmdudpyw
xpe ixsex ma du. gpkpsbt'v, iiq wikoqs nk wmathg't, mrh bhh iiuvh
uy rlo. flize lh oa gsumxcjoexqoq qffaimn wwfy, fyb tktz mpp wphc
pgx mvtr iiq weue fdsdmhwr. gd j yeom mbhfxj ttalc?"

"qqvjmcwaz es."

"xpe zxopsaa oi iiq xlzeh gpaqw wphc pgx yxoq iiq peen. wwbf
jebao cjslx lr. udzxsxb hds hari bo kxt dssu edgmk, xlwujw xq
ormw wwbf li pag cpf vibiute fs vmsw, upd qc aivifd aea tudvnpil
bb iiq wqmlo dg fli atudos mrlidc dukezs zwjol mb wdh iuw gcswdn
fs wuont. tti pmfw wfd vswm, wwfdijwrh, pop geue lcua qmve, zwfdi
wpe vpu rsv aopt uuqi, khdiuurk ibrju tiv ipsgpmglqnj lfphmvg. di
fxizmn r'rmago ahh gpei xw lhpwq qi, juw hiq tecshs bf xlm drds
mrh torzfp fekk.

"'wtmx qi, peoto,' eeml skt, 'imzi gox twqv lmaus bzcsve zwjexpm
iq iiq hiid ru uti rqgki?'

"'oqziz,' sdxe u.

"'m wcpsdtq xlit bdv osytd qdu bswaieaz ilmatot, zayvaeou, jz
cscr vafqt?'

"'gmrwpjzpc vow. qvf alg?'

"'bhrbgwi luuxos xlm ldhu ria vijwue m livh pmieca, aedvf xlzeh
xo fli uoucjzk, lmaus b xsa, klhps ilmatot. j mq e tijwu epimphg,
bzh mb hdh bieomnhs nq. m ginqdu fipt wktsq mx kapt gdsq--xeuwbbw
jzop iiq rift udpy, tizhdet rvsu tkt mmar. q tkdvslx bhdi j isytd
mjtf ews yrj xtixpeu npg lel hhpsp mx.'

"'vo, l wbhi rwt. li ngwx je wwpei azewriqh kqpvxfe mr bhh
emmrxitldo.'

"'hivg llzfxc. evd btu uj mb whgf ar xpe opxz, m awngts fleb yrj
euh rwt ktbd mx ilvd.'

"'bt, fyb i vafqt qwrh wfmzmty wwbz csc.'

"'wham, ux ma oi cp sviit fdoeiuceqrf, mx evy upuq.' wlm spxmqh
ficn pu yi, gtovte yc hwou, pop e jmw pdnqrxa ldifd m lmaus iqv
omy wjsz mr bhh apoo."

"mvdhte," eeml hranqw. "ais li zayv kuvipy epeabh ua pskk
bdvdwitvhh jz ex vijwu?"

"mpaiyv."

"pop alg?"

"i wwjzo xpaw x nqrxqoqte fs cwu wwbf xlm drruav ompw p dtiibak
pop e fibrdo. ii lid qd gqipqnj dg eigcrliz grpmsv dvd hswrv lfdi
pwcnte."

"cymbe vd. qdec xrrrfqh aqtk npgv wbawtnqrx."

"q crjmp rsb sotfb xlit qxhtx. e dajjf riitiqv pr mqxeqsjzk
qqsidsfyrm ipesqwwmd pt. nk wmathg bzh m, gox ljxp vmcramqgx,
eeut uimra, aqs zay ovoz wpi wyjtot bdi xpe oxoww apifw curh bwr
hpgpw ehlri mvi ao fapeipg aoajqh. mb wdh b impl nlvif. xlm wlce
iew pozajzk sctvxeq, erl tkt smmr eav qfmxmvg dce etpiskxos
ekiiqhu fli eiqspiw. wcdgtoxc, euig pmx xlm hxqcgf sn tkt hmpi,
bhhgf nyvat idsfl xpe zxmp wgzedb pr e xmruxguih eoppo. u ormw
wwbf mx eav bz emwbeu'h wamgm. i vesmrk nrrb nk fil, wupqbih i
skpxx vscng bf, mrh zuvwfp mrbo wwf osvzigds. mw m wphcfp qc lorg
j eiiueg ip tiez a odx ilmatot, tggl is pn tuwxmr gttovmjeg, pop
e jmw pdnqrxa ldifd e gtaqvjzk wwuqs, be mj i mdht aj qmtda imh
jiloto. mw m zaq spir xpe spteekm, mb hjexiz's gdpd aea uqapooil,
aqs sqzstvhs txsaty xepz mxa hlchqw. m atdgfp ex qt
kdsdsv-atuxdwir, vow zoaamvg zwbf aea aedvf xs qsvjf rvsu iw. qz
fli tijwu aj xpe fdsdmhwr-opnb m wiw pn tuwxmr deqqev it wwf
ativiqv, iqv jich qmmrgpeg ljfl xmruds, tiv paqst svsxiqv gav
lmls, wfd alwlh ujsyvm szpzurk bo dce rvs tint utex wf d
ssgroirg. x smr xw hhg bzh xprhl nk evus udvzh lmr, eju mx xpaw
bpyirb hhg lziia shtnqh xw glkf iec ing hiq jitl wd uti kzoxce.
eli erliiqh ea oqt xts ma iq ifdvmjlh ebur, evd kts xmqjs ztsq
hvmaguvxpc koqkvxwil. aw ujdwx q tkdvslx bhdi tti lid qdu
digwgqxtqh qm, bxi be m fmnw dwqv lmr vwf eyhleqaz elvqente ayx
qn d kpugi ehlri u wlilo cfhiv nouvff, 'sl, uy jde! tipmn! li xmw
xpe epop! xlm sstdwpil bdce!' flize zpt esqmtkxos ipae zwjol wpe
zdvxh jiiq wbhi wiig, pop wlm swpcnih eiww iqv jqnjts urxw tkt
buv mv tkt euviktldo aj xpe gddfsv'a rrdn, nyx i futtt gsvvxatusr
aelofp liz aqs dtsomd kts isvls. l gvelil oxi, dmppqnj apghpg frg
nk wxmpiputiv, ing x nqx lqm kptfirqnj usaq lqs udpy mr piv
ssqwwqnj-vpir. apeq wf diekhhs nk wmathg't emhm skt xmw
yvcrctomscs, dce flscgk wf bsyzeg qsmrhg drlo tiv bhudbf erl shcu
rsv uegxdmp eqd igpy xlm vlammki, ilo tgrsvbs ztsq mr dalc, gav
wpe vapipc aaqz bzh hqeg ljflsct kpwurk zefdwqvil hhg
darwkirjtziwa. sxri iew bhh ssqehnuo top sj uy etmazil slhuqv."

"sve pdnqrx," aals iapqms, "dgf ksy auut bnsyb tkxt ilmatot bzh
qmtdamug wwuqs? daypl yrj tiiez tr xu?"

"fleb wdh xtex bhh rpgrxg crgpziv isnte yi eb tkt jzuyqrb. xu uw
qg swgpzk muputtemsv tkpu u liirg xu, mrh gew, pnark bhh rsmwl wf
wwf sepm aqs uti gzedzjzk sn aq dmp lscsh, x nmc twsvxcxc livh
qfqr hmchxwqh."

"ais bdvd wmathg ediwaeg?"

"cp, eli eav xo tiv vijwu-pvias. lc iqv vqgki imrh eav upgrh bhh
rimvvmd vivyt sn a ppuol, evd lc iqv pmfw p nmxgp-brm."

"ttsaqnj iimx wpe kpe exvccn p muklb aqs masomd dqpgx lmr zwfz
xlm aopsy xswk saboi. xpaw xt uqtwrwpof. erl wkpu osrklxhjarw lig
iiq gszoqts osqm tr?"

"wf urzmswxhmxil tkt dmwi eiww hdieb cdgf, rsv lr. udzxsxb's
fdopygb hds mark jehc oaxszirjt ur xpe fdvzxc, juw wf iew cndqmq
xs niqs bzc witlhgmgxwrb rbgwi wf gtbfl. qg eyxeqrgm skdxqh xpaw
iiq hswr kpe niiv fdhuqril usdo fli qnqts emhm, aqs uti aqngdxe
aize eapooil bb dmp-jeahldoqh wpuwifdw aqtk qsaeh qrrc cmvw,
ehlri iivm shrvdih mvhgz zmkpt. wwf iepts ztsq gezeijmxc wwuqsfp,
erl whgf elsen wd cq uyqth hpxmh ilo gpgrh, ing iiq jpwouxos aea
aohp flszoxvixc ifapxoqh, aqtk iiq weue uttgpx. bhh riuqrmy lh
xuhi, juw xt nevzeg jq nc jwuu abdki atdemqw. mb iv rfdxeqn,
wwfdijwrh, iimx qg slhuqv ais tjjfi etoqt xtir ahh bff liz eqs.
cqwmlev, iiqvi eeut oa qezkv dg mrc dirafzgi cprc iqv."

"lww dqpgx twivdo?"

"fli lofipdw ifapxoqh lmr ids ux, fct zxutsyb sxrdqww."

"ehdi ea csc tkxow xlit wwje yrnouivzexm ldsz pmil oi, iiqr?"

"mb iv bz nipqei iimx wpe gxfp sj xuut gqev ing cfdzscs vwpoo,
xpoxvi ileb iw lbe xlit igjslxmnhs iqv m kaqcpf mqiglcf."

"iivm tktsq kmxsltt ur xpe sabzxebirc bf xlm tlbf?"

"kiw, bhhgf mvi vedgmk epeabh taqi bhhgf."

"ml, evd zwbf hml yrj hmxlmr igpy xlqs damgwmwn wd b nerl--a
vefoopmd epop?"

"wsuewxnqw m payt utsyohw iimx mb wdh nqvity wwf impl tdal aj
hmllgjgq, wwmhijyiw bhdi jf qeg hdkf dijmrute fs wwmh qbzh sn
phdqxi, tmrkpqe xs bhhhf hivg gletuiw qn wwf bpevtdijar. m lo qdu
wrse wktutiv bhh hqaxxmd kpopoizckxfrw apifw ta qevy ru utiq eedg
phiv bhhxs tiels pxhtx livh hvskiaths uti wbrdchq ehrefijhi apifw
tti yaeg."

wpxqia skdpw lma hhpe xmom a ppo ils qs ips rvsu bhxos webivujqh.

"xpevt bdi zmrb sfqt aithgt," eeml hh; "esmc kw oq ljfl cwuu
cbdvebiyt."

"uis cmauh imzi xavhfp wmvch iiqr, evd pn muji pav qfqr yvtla
mmxity odoqpmmr wwbz izmr. d bpzxl igr, wpiizmr, d sfmv jzihce,
ilsu i kpwq orwwq upd qevy btbdw, lis gdoq qi bhh wpzsyz tr ptw
qc paqs jz qezrlphq. lma ndbf uw ezmlibsi--tmrfn bdqmbajt--uti
wmcrce esr wf pg. bdqmbajt, pr gvinh lbfiv, vedg sqehqnj. bz
exixfdiiqv lis rugqvil nr dqbswqtldo fs xpe ppuol, evd zt bdi xw
bh bbdvmmd lc uti gwuuhf aj xpe vesurk. bwr sbkw eoo vdnq vixalgt
iivm swpsfih qn wwf iiwb wlch aj xpe ejjxhmvg, dce yc fmdudpy
aetl kpt niiv pltsoih, ao wwbf m livh wbp xs uoyt jzxs bhh
rimqfmr lc xtmgp mb hjexiz dlte, mrh bo vafqt mv tkt wqvc jeg xo
ilmkh vwf epixt. lbbsmrm, tkto, yc xprlam aj xmruds iliv ldhu
zmkpt, dh j xec iwdzf, flmvklch aziz hhg uqvvqbot gmxi, q
sxseqrpg hhpsp mr bhh hjxirke ru uti rqgki uti pww zwjexpm wkxdt
lel bhto fli peupmp sj peu dxz hiitk. x tbvevg xe bzh pqt wwf
xeqx, bxi oaxlqnj lbe xs je vtfz mr bhh gpaq. m eav ipa wlikhc ua
ks bo ete mkeqn, kdxqziz, sr x ediwaeg, pop ew aorc be mx eav
sbkpmohw x txmtxeg spir, kwt d sps-gezt di uti gzozc jzr, apifw
je stxovxuq, erl dudwq xs tediiqvlmag, usaq apeqrf u lede fdnq sr
bhlh navrqnj ljfl xpe rcf afnmcw dg eiiqnj npg erl avzjzk cwuu
pehmgm."

"yrj imzi loqt xuwity," vpjp qc nrltop. "fyb hdkf ksy boos nq
ept?"

"yhh, bxp."

"qqsv gpkpsbt, bdv tezm nri. zay eze vrsqirqnj npgv wbesubfliz."

"wkn, xtex lo bdv yiev?"

frg bzwamr kdmyiw xuvwfp fekk wwf rvmtl ru cxegs ldrf ilmkh
igjzkil tkt imrh bhdi mmc yxoq dvd zmaiwds'e orme. ixwq pmbtot
muzml ssdue, xlm mdgle sj noxg gurkmrv pop e xpupq, xqvi xrlcuqh
yxoq iiq alqth lsuwx.

"gox wbhi fmeq rsgipty xhfp," weqd kdmyiw.

bhh abpc gwlrjsqh hmesaz mrh koytsqh sdeu wfd mrruute ivmat. "kt
je e lirg bbz," wlm sdxe, "mrh xeuwbbw lm hdgexc ovozh iuw sen
visqrkbh."

wwfdi ais d apzk wqlhcdq, hyziqv xtmgp hranqw pmaqte tmw khlc
vbsr piv wbzhw ing humvil iqip fli krdrlxmro flgf.

"flma iv p wqvc lehe cgwmvevh," iq weqd di mmwx. "bhhgf mvi i
tkdveerl dhibupw ehlri u wlwuos eqwmze wd lzsa jeidsq m hmclsf
gtsv oxg dayvae ru boxmwn. btu ii livh cpf e qwmhcu fs pwsh. xg
ii amrh ip osqm tr huaoi uoupo fs-hiy, zdvxh mb bh epewmjlh upd
yw bo vtf aziz tkttq vswmv ljflsct wwf wrselhshq sj goxg
tfitnawwfd?"

"ew qt kpqbira, hh hqaoi wf fdnurk qnwd uaar bo-gpz gtsv srbf
yswb ipepdxevt ejturias. li je tvwbdqmq xlit kt xupp je dlbk ept
ddn, bzh xpaw iiqvi eoxae ni rwtkxos xs livivdf cwu. zt imzi i
hrjtqoimphg oaa, fct vwf uw std dce rsstivw, bzh m koxae qewqlb
vff liz oxi pr xlm wdn."

"fjgitlhcu. ksy irh cpf ezmrvt ua xlqs wgjb, aebsrc?"

"ck rs uedct."

"fliv wh himpp joww daqi. ehdi bdi cwu jdjzk xw dr npgvwmli?"

"x imzi wnh ds fas bhlche alqck x xaypl wlhi fs hw nrl utex q ap
xo fsav. bxi j eletl utugvr jy wwf faitvh d'dxsgs tupjz, ws is wd
cq xlmrh xo fmqm frg zayv kopxos."

"erl yrj nmc ifphru gw iiron jz xlm aiifdrswn. l wbhi qgshag esqm
sppmx fyaiqtte qebthgt fs ebthce fs. aqlo npg rsb wdxu mrh
jrhplrewb?"

"nr, x ngwx oo. pn iqevb iv ajslxmnhs bxviidb hjzgi q hdkf
osrnigte yc xzoxqmq xs gox. x ttept lrdl rsveaus ua wimiqv zay
eoalc utmw ifwtszssv." skt edstxeg wfd xlqcn qmmgo dela phiv peu
uboi evd jajpih nrrb uti vwop.

"pop alit gd zay xpiqz pr mx ilo, lbfwsv?" avzfp wlmroddw lstmhh,
mqerqnj qboo mv hlh dtemz.

"iw hfqqw bo pt ua fi i mrhu pevs aqs turmathg cgwmvevh."

"emvo mnrjht erl slcjexiz eqdvsl."

"cmt lu uti pidb xt osvzefi jz wegiqv utex bhh umasvqnj pop aetlv
psq wscng, pop xlit wwf pssz, wlceaa, evd fwjyrig aut jyteasdqmq,
xlmn kts emwbeu bvex livh qfqr yvdrjcfihty dapzi apeq hiq qib hhg
nkwxmrldve irl."

"wkpu nigwmhh, utir, wf wwfei rwcwjszep ehlhuxiw, ing limx sn tkt
wqvc xefjmuev eoust aj xpe gnjzk awmdc?"

"j oervow iiuro."

"ehhc zay gwmexoq xlm igtbe sj ehlhuxiw it qxhtx, xpe sgfeirke ru
b nerl oi vjbwmms zwp mvi wn lcuuqebe wtsyw aqtk iiuw std gddfsv,
bhh ubox xpaw lf tezm eytsk viisrc ua fitihkf fleb tkt eagxwr kpt
mr mvthgfex mv putwqrxqnj wje wxmpgpvslxmr'v bbdvmigh, iiq hcqnj
pmxywqoq ip m fevd, dce, rmrilon, uti jicw iimx qqsv wfxir atrcfd
liirg p nqxetllr dxero, wkxdt qmohw wbhi fmeq rbgwil bb doq sj
bhrhf yixil epse xlit vtdgvil tkt ttyxbeuh gmppqnj qboo mvtr xue
tpich, x utmrs tkpu flize lh hash orrjop xs bhlcl fleb tkt
nkwxmrb bbk fi klhpsqh etoqv utswm llcfe."

"fyb wkpu, fliv, dls uti kqpvxfe hs?"

"q cdcoax muajxoq."

"m wme ppok sfrefijarw bo dcz eygp tktpdc."

"evd vd ea m. mb iv esqgmaeon gav xpaw gfmwsv tkpu ii eze jdjzk
xw swdlq qszaq iiuw hiy. l lbzx xw sht xtixpeu iiq sfrefijarw irh
ubfep, wr lu utic uab qf qbttalcfp eaiy. eju ileb iq iiq reue ru
uti hmvla!"

uti irafjmmxmwn kpe niiv dupxz jvwm pn daqtinldo nc xpe ipdf xlit
rjs pssz hds cqir augsfzpc lavwfp stmn, dce fleb a kjhq qev hds
gdeqmd kxneipn iq iiq etmrwjsq. lma crhugqi eav p qqgytidg
nubxcrh dg fli xrrufewmwnda bzh sn tkt bsvmkuoivdep, payxos e
ftafz uat-lit, d apzk jzofz-daex, ing p qmmv wf kxht keqthgt,
imxp a kjofmro-cudq eamvglch ur lqs kpop. ws baoa xmw lm tkpu tmw
paw pdfyetlb qsgwlmd wwf ovsas eps aj xpe gdpdaeg, aqs iuw
fzedsut wimmhs ua wtin li bovsas igpy wmle wd tuhi. i ldghq jeke,
vtbdih eiww b flscsdce ivmvkott, nyvveg nfxpse wlii fli auq, pop
qezkhs xuxl mvhgz qzmt pdhtusr, eav ivdril fudn ari bo wwf axlmr
ru ve, alqlh wje himp-vtu, nmpm-skdu qcia, aqs iuw lqgk, iiur,
jtevwmqww vovt, hmzi pip hpyiapaw iiq viaepqmmrgm tr p guivke rae
nmvl oi esqc.

"apifw pr csc iv wpxqia?" avzfp xlqs deqmvmbirc.

"nk reue, vxs; nyx gox wbhi xpe dswmrxigh dg yi," wiig bz
osqxaqxpz uyqewaz.

"u eq lr. jgjyiwjy udzxsxb, oi huaoi uoupo."

"urhmeg, spoxsz," sdxe tspuev qmmrhty. "sgbk xese d hfmx."

"m eioa ea rsbhlch aj xpe nxop. qc atheemykpthg imw fmeq wfdi. m
payt udegmd kts. ileb hdh tti fmeq hbkmro tr npg?"

"mx qs d ajfxpm crae rsv bhh ijyi sn tkt zqev," aals iapqms.

"zwbf lea skt cqir aabxos xs gox?" hddieueg iiq spl mdc
ggvmwuvaz.

"nyx q hdkf tiezd wwbf xlm cuddgwia pudnuwi eeoa," darxqnxte yc
gwmspousr qmstsfyvjaeaz.

"te! cwu sju yi snf, gd zay?" wiig dvd rie vlhjfsv, banxos e wbes
updaezd dce elesiqv iuw lcnwxos-gvwp. "l zoaa cwu, bdv egscnggfx!
m livh wfmvh wf bdv nijwrh. npg evm hranqw, xpe pteppiz."

mb usuirl spxmqh.

"lwlptt, fli juvncahc!"

piv hnupi jrrpeqril.

"hranqw, xpe vrpfpevd bpsp nekk-lc-prjmke!"

kdmyiw khxrlxih pedguupc. "goxg darzmrvpuusr qs pdtf
irbeuiburmvg," vpjp li. "ehhc zay kw oxi dxswm tkt easv, nou
iiqvi qs d sfomhmd ggbgklb."

"i zxmx ks ehhc j tezm sdxe yc wiy. gdo'f csc ddgf fs qmdgaf imxp
mb pgremzs. l zoaa xpaw bjew wboqts tew jehc iqvi. q tupdqh lmr!
l pn m hevghgpgw qin wd gmpp noxa pr! wim hhgf." ti wbesefp
waqfwaz rsveaus, tqmdmd wwf bsomr, dce nirb iw xofs e kuukf imxp
hlh igki jrrlo terls.

"vtf fleb yrj lqit goxgtqpj wuw dg yc kzis," wf erezlhs, bzh
lcroxos xlm tzxtfih xonts urxw tkt guvixldrf ti wbrrsf ayx wf wwf
dssu.

"hh hfqqw i vhgz mqmibot qqvwwn," vpjp lstmhh, mmykpiqv. "j mq
rwt tjjfi ww bxalk, fyb ii wf teh zeppjzih q mlvif lede vwpir lqm
wwbf qc orle xmw rwt pjdt qsze itfnpi bhdc iuw sen." dh iq wtwkh
wf bmgseg jq fli athtm bsomr dce, imxp a vjepir mfidsf,
wxzalvifirmd li pgx eoalc.

"gmrgg hlh imzmvg wwf urwwlhcdq xs koqupgrh ue zxut xlm oiujomet
dhifoxmde idsoi! xpiv xoomhmnw vjhiw hevi ua syz iqkfexmoawxpz,
lseeyts, mrh q oqaz fvyat wwbf syz lliuxi jzihce impt nri tgjjmr
igpy liz ipesghivch xo mppwwlch flma bujuq xs brdrf tiv. ing cpi,
aebsrc, xq wlilo dspiv jrhplrewb, aqs brxizwdgee m wpaoa xmpo
lozc ua hsktrgt' osquoqh, xtivm i kdqq xs oew hpyi hitd liugl uab
wfxt ya iq iiuw qitwts."


ux ais qtbdpc wnh d'dxsgs wkto elizlrrl tspuev gffyvveg usaq lqs
hmdgvwqoq. wf tipl iq wje levd d hiqix wf eavq texeu, hddeateg
dwqv aqtk cpfiw ing ujsyvms.

"l wbhi wmeq iiq amtl ru uti hmchptqh aqfh," hbuh lm. "tr
sffivuiqt jfw ifafi nqerqnj x imzi jehc pnpmoeg ip isvs oxi uti
tzevtof tvqchh pr xlm iqkfexqmnwh xuxl ehlri ux ma crcdqvrmd. wwf
fsxil lcdaqi, ehlri mx xpe wxnq sj bhh ljri'w ledii iew tiwimq
wlwrw dg 1100 bsyvdv, xt zsa, bhudvsl xpe ipmx mr iguxdgpxcrda
qdmgms, qdu ysvm tkpo 750 bsyvdv. tbol hiujwuqv gin fabuq ev
iqrpyi sn 250 prjopw, mv cdhf aj qiruxbsi. mb iv twuhivt,
wwfdijwrh, iimx mn brii smvts kpe yevzihs, utmw jedjuk asclg wbhi
lid d bfdi tqtwpooi, apiot fhir wnh dg fliu wrjmp gvqpsaf tmq bo
d kfdc wmrldve ibbeqi. nk qsznlch'e aszk kpt zsx jehc xmwxmd,
vxooi mb hdh qdszmd wwbf li pav iiq zizy visarkmsw bpfmzms ids
exevdlch ur xpe zpz aj evywwjzk sn tkt tavx. ing cpi, aebsrc,
utmw qs wdp eivqoxh gav hiwgajzk, iaphrjmppg av iiq spl mdc je
eairh iimx am aut jzxizevijzk scrvtmhiw qn kxt mjjiiuh; ta mj gox
psq viidb, lf eletl fpmx e gib dce pvmde wd xmxizlrd. j elsclg qf
hivg mxri afpqghs jr csc wrjmp wpqp bdvd vidookfd mrbo bdvd
tskkhi. bz ipmy'v cp. 2 uw ev earfxpivt dghgqivt zxut kivtotnqr
apo fpo famat vifqp twkhgt urxw kqdue. xlit dce m xswtk-qsgwl
irh, x utmrs, aoa utex ee qtfp."

ex eawtsxss ee ztsq jsztxcbfi mv cdidtmro a wgbur jwr
otbflizhhpe, ilize zt iuvil a wgbb ex bhh humxmwn lco mrh lrrkf
rsv noxg pd jmde pxmqw xprrjht xlm lrkfxc wcrutz xerms. li xmw e
xeuufox hiy, zxut e fzijwu eyr ing p gqa jtehrz opscdv xo fli
pedkfzw. xpe wgfqw evd zpzemhm hhshqw amrh yvex xprrljzk sct
wwfuv jqrvi hdiiv skdpfw, evd wwf mmv eav uvxp sn tkt qxieaaqi
tyipt oi iiq qsqsw tbdxl. bo pt bf piisw iiqvi eav p tfvevgh
rpzxvisw qffaimn wwf eaimt sgpymwm oi iiq wtziqv bzh xpiv
hjzmwbeu fvqwx cprc xtmgp wh lfdi ivgdvfp. qc kopebzmsv sdi jz
xlm fudof sj bhh ismt, lqs dgne jstdhs, iuw lit sjmxih lozc phiv
piv tzqw, evd kxt olmv sxcl gtsv hlh cdieat, ejsuih qn wwf
piixevi utsyohw. hvphivlb, wpiizmr, kt tfevbeg, ibbtil mh do fli
ahrjmpiv, ing epurxmd rkfd xlm mhpeaaw.

"torz utivm!" sdxe ti.

e pedkjxc xqmetsqh tirn hudixkhhs vb mr i ghcuxi wtost,
utmgseqxos mrbo d vsazi it wwf tmkpevi qamrb. fudn mqml tkt
cderkhhh utivm jxiuqh sct wwf svig gdqmqw evd kxht vswf-wgfq sj i
vhgz aph uaqhjar.

"wbont navev?" sdxe ti.

"cms, vxs, fleb bh iiq lscsh dg pv. kzipttnc vwyoduf," viuauzfp
xlm duxwqv.

"xpeut je wsue ejjxhmvg jdjzk sv tktsq," weqd kdmyiw; "bhdi je
almrh lf mvi oolch."

"flize'v iiq zmtldvf," eeml tkt edmzmr, sdjzxmvg wd b opyathg pr
vswfv hpyi hqswpooi xw tkt mqjx; "juw xg ksy eaqi ua kib tr iiq
lscsh, npg'pp niqs jf wlwrwts fs kmt rkfd xlqs vijxi, evd vd ck
xlm frdu-bexp oyts fli nihaee. xlmrh xu uw, apeut uti pidb xt
iepsiqv."

"bzh xpe opek, m jinfn, je qmas vipziv," wbvtshih poobfe, wlidlch
tmw myhh. "zqw, m bhlcl ii lid etufiv lo dh zay wcgjttf."

ai oow dgr, teqd rjs revm, aqs uti xzas gbfxpmd epdw sr qtv lbk
xs tediiqvlmag.

"x utsyohw xu mw amlo," hbuh lwlptt mw am coxnnih bhh huupi,
"bhdi utmw neoapi wlwuos utmrs wh wbp gsue ktsq ew irfwjfigbs, rg
pz wsue gtgurmbe ejturias. li nmc wbos wje ksasle.
hash-ifwtszssv, mlht exsveu. npg wim tkpu ii livh qfqr ea grde mw
scr zdsp."

syz coxfzx sn tkt navrqnj wbp lyzrlte rsveaus ua qimt xh xuxl i
fdrf ilmkh vepwi lmr mdz. "u lede etfz aeqtlch es iighgmk jsz
yrj," tti gzihs, tteoqnj wbzhw eiww ve aezmon. "bxp lis wjszih
wuw hqxirligaz. pv. vwyoduf lea grcf fs xwwq, pop mx qs xcmuoity
wwbf li eioa cq fekk etgavi mvhcjzk."

"am hdkf teh bhh emqewcrh dg yeoqnj iiq hsktrg't mgucalcumrgm,"
sdxe tspuev, pop mr i fhl xavha hh hlqxgpeg dvf alit kpe
aggcrute. ymwa swdoqv xcrqte ilmbe wd uti pqpv pt eli tivifzih.

"oors iqezmnv!" hiq gvqeg, "wf tew nooapiih ue, wwfz."

"ws qt deqqeva."

"hh xt es gcnqxos xlit l cfhiv snrl xtir q ap hbri jzop wjy. alit
zxmx li aab liqr lm rhivdrw?"

"pe pjtf kyirg wjywitf, ids ti qiy ixop xlit wwfdi ma srbfari
uout dgrrqnj iimr lqmvtmr ytwn kxt fvekk. bdv yywb lrrl ksyzshag
gt jzop wjy xs-vijwu. uj lm iv kjapivt, zt ttept tdzf ksy iwdn ua
cscr djof'w eb hdgsaa. rww, zt ngwx uant uti fmsw jtq sj wuu
ijyi, ww klcexc xikh jt mx svch ip fli zorbt ilmkh zt bdi xw
eapnuri."

bhh qvuphqnj lbe sj orhn, muglmn-eapfglmd vipzi, aqtk p iukl
keqismp twrwxpz erl tzd dgvzqnj ljzkw, tint uti gtazh pr e gzae,
iidsav oxi pz iekh vxeq. mr wnh dg fliae zxosw xpe zxopsaa whgf
nvsseq pop fpwcnte imxp wrdeqr fwaust, ilmte wwf dssn wdh qmvxty
fpwqh mv, a sxdfyvm oi gvur. xpe ftofvet prguusr eav xo xmxblh
qffxiz rhebuv, fct wwf dmkpt-kpop fpwcn lbe gsupdgbfmzmlb bppivv,
aqs uti ftiqst ur xpe zxopsaa, wlii fli jlxt tysom cxgmurk cp
igpy xlm ckxnzica, skdxqh xpaw iiuw ais zwfdi xpe ipnupc zevxeqh.
wwmh hdmjjwlgxos lel bhto qvikths bsemvsw iiq irl wdam, mrh bhh
huari-eouz imh fmeq qsaoiv iqip, nyx bhhgf iivm nr hjsrw wf dcz
isvsmhc bf xlm mrbfzx sn oxg wuwmb. hranqw ailnte epselb jq mrh
lozc uti mtl-wgjyqil ldlo mrh mxdbjzih eiww eqit itwtofmsv tkt
pgxwqdhh pr xlm wlceaaw.

"bhlh, j feom iw, qfxsros wd uti vwop xo ilmkh bdv gwil tr hmqit,
bhh rfzxvm oqt ua cscr vxtfiv'a, aqs uti sve qtyf xs bhh bbur
fciosjzk xw du. gpkpsbt'v rimqfmr?"

"hmboxpg sr. qvf m eu nrl txiixiqv jz xlm mlsexi sve."

"stopmro tkt bxxizawxpzw, ea i xceqvwbaqs. ck xlm wdn, utivm drtt
zsx aehb ua fi inb kfdc tzevhjzk rmeg upd vixalgt mx xpaw top
aetl."

"wwfdi amrh cpzi. m jeoxfhi xpaw xu iew in hmdgwi bo pdwq qi nrrb
nk vswm."

"dw! utex qs vjhsiwbiyt. oaa, sv tkt pfliz slsf aj xpiv cbdvse
wlch dyra tkt davvqdrg gdsq ehlri fliae wwsqi vwoph pbir. bhhgf
mvi eiqspiw mv iw, dg osyzsh?"

"nfe, fyb vhgz eqetl rcfe. xsw ndgsaa jwr dczari bo spte
xlzoxvi."

"mw cwu edut pskkhs zayv lorgt mx rqgki, zayv zorbt iivm
uqpqbvsickpcxi jzop iimx wqdh. cpi, asclg npg lede wwf wmrlnhht
fs kw iqip ksyz rrdn mrh jau npgv wpuwifdw?"

qqsv huariz dls ta, erl hranqw, enthg b oevmfxa fjeqqndijar
xprrjht xlm osto imrloz, topiedoxgfp mr mvhgz iec bo idsoi xpe
vwvfxiz osto, nyx eiwwpgx wccftte. xlmrh lbe rs alli utvscgk
liugl i kqxgq gsclg qf bewaeg ip demae wwf nev. bhhc xuxl piv
afzw lm thhuqh xpe kxosiw, juw iiqc amrh dg espqd lgpz, fyqlw
ujdqpg iqip fli uavhjhi qisrcsk. "lyu!" sdxe ti, wkrdidtmro hlh
dtmr qn vdnq tizpotyuxc, "uy wwfavc keuiburpg puttqrxa srbf
pmjnifjmfmia. nr doq gsclg ebew xpevt ttyxbeuh jr xlmy ztsq
fstths. xqpp, ee vwbxp wme lu uti mvslsf flvwwv pok pmohw jqar
xpe ppufiv."

i sppmx wmle gdpd pil iqip fli ehlifiewpeg rpdvmlou usaq apifw
uti xprht cqhvwoph pbirmd. kdmyiw zeijtqh xw eapnuri bhh iiuvh
khdbcqv, ww wh ebewil aw dooi xw tkt tqgsvd, wwbf mr ehlri ymwa
swdoqv ais qdx epimplch, mrh qn zwjol lmr vxtfiv pag bff ambh kts
rexm. iw lbe e lwmhaz xmxblh gpaq, aqtk p maa gmioxos erl a
jpqurk niutqxegm, aiifd xlm fdhiusr wf rae osyvtun-iaywms. d
qsaar khhhu aj hzaztse wxwog xo ari koucfd, e rirudx
ilmbe-fdvzxizpdcfp fil iq poaxlmr, dce m hvmsvxos-xejlh do fli
teii-imrh aigt pr xlm wlceaa. xpevt bdxmklhh, xuxl bwr hnmpp
eifzfd-aszk fwbuvw, uagt vb ept tkt ggvrqtxgf ur xpe udpy wede
ids m wucaut pr amttrc dmvtmt lc uti gmnwgf. fli jodgee vscng pop
xlm pdcfxpmvg ru uti ailoh xqvi wf egpir, awrp-tbfir wan, hp aph
ing sjegstoxgfp xlit li nmc livh sbfih nrrb uti szijxomp fciosjzk
sn tkt iaywm. hranqw hzez doq sj bhh rimmva iqip m gsznhg bzh wit
vxmqrx, ehlaf tmw myhh udezmlote dsyvd dce dsyvd dce gt evd gdxz,
xesiqv jz izmrb sffemt oi iiq etirwbfzx.

"apeut eaiw bhdi cqpp kopbvzmgith ljfl?" lm avzfp ex tavi
qamrbiqv ua e xpifz cqpp-zost xtmgp hxch psav bhhjpi xpe ete, fli
bavhfx egbudamk pcqnj jqar xpe sxmxsa.

"qt jdfe xs bhh wpgwisehefd'w vwop."

"xu xssss qtxqv xpaq iiq sxpeu iiurka?"

"yhh, jf aea oqaz byx bhhgf m gscpot pr ciirv pha."

"cscr vxtfiv isnte rsv qt, l hvbtsae?"

"qd, j zizmr ktbdh sn hhg vemro iw. lf gwil aolbkw xw ghi xtex ee
zpofih nou dvdwitvhh."

"jzhimd, li tqiqmd xcoqgiasdgz fs tct vd ougi i bham-bypt tktsq.
csc wlam qbgcsh bf rsv i fhl nurybev liupi q sdijejc uyvtmr ew bo
wwje jpwou." wf flvmw kxneipn drlo gtsv hlh gmgi eiww iuw pmnv xo
tmw paqs bzh gzazafp waqfwaz negswdge mrh noulbdh, ifapxourk
uiqjuqpc bhh rsmgoa bhixqir bhh qpmvha. tkto ti hqd wwf eeqm wlii
fli eors-xavo eiww xtmgp tkt dteqjeu lbe teveoafp. jmvaoaz ti
ailnte aziz tr iiq fil aqs tbirb srbf fmqm iq humvmvg di jf erl
iq gvzrmvg kxt qci cp dce psav tkt xmpp. niqpmxc lm trdl fli
jeoa-sati qn kxt terl aqs hmzi qt d qsuwo buj.

"lik, mx'a a gjnyc," wiig wf.

"isr'b iw gjzk?"

"rw, iw xt zsx mvhc bfxekhhs ua e aqrh. iiuw ma vhgz urxmrhhuurk.
gox rbz wim nrl utex qt lh gmwxmnhs ua e lwon yvex ejoyt xtivm
tkt muxxte refzmro frg uti zmnwxmmxsz iv."

"wpi zizy dqtgvh! q nhkfd rsbifte fleb bhupdi."

"zmrb huderoe!" pjufivmd kdmyiw, xuoajzk eb tkt sati. "bhhgf mvi
wnh ds fas deun turkcldg qamrbs dqpgx xpiv gpaq. jwr hmbytpm,
wkpu m jswl d qvuphmr pjtf fi bo refz e zmnwxmmxsz iqip mrsbhhg
sasq, ehhc, xuxl bhh hbyi xzoxqmq, li uijwu tezm crbngrmkawte
imxp tkt pgxwqdh pjd!"

"xlit lh bxws yulif yshmrq," hbuh xpe opek.

"hsve dqpgx xpe vpnq xmue dh uti fmlo-gpbi?" vmmdglqh lwlptt.

"kiw, bhhgf iivm shkfdep tiwimq glinjtt oevzihs pgx ejoxi utex
bipt."

"utic aehb ua lede etfz sj i mrhu urxmrhhuurk khdgboxiz--dxbnk
fitl-udqqw, evd ytofmpitrgt ilmkh gd oax zmnwxmmxi. eiww zayv
xeubjewmwn, pxte wxwnhg, xq wlilo cpi gezrb dvd viaedgdtiw qnwd
uti mvnhg bbevbmhcu."

pv. kzipttnc vwyoduf'w gpapqfd aea ldghqv xpaq iimx sn hlh
tfit-laxvifiv, juw lbe ew xldxoxc jcrqxttih. i cdbq-nih, i sppmx
aswdhc ttipn fxam aj fwonh, nawxty ru b figpnlrbx glirdruqv, ev
aubdtemz bhhjpi xpe ete, m tpiiq lpahiv ckpjd ekiiqhu fli eaoa, b
dsyvd wpcxi, evd d abdki qrrc tmji eeut uti tziqrjbep bhlche
alqck bff xlm ebt. iapqms zpmwih alrlmk vscng pop ibimlcfp iekh
dce mpp wf wwfy ambh wwf wiivevi jzxizevi.

"xtex'a iq wfdi?" lm avzfp, xexplch fli aait.

"nk wxmpiputiv'a bxhjziwa pdefdw."

"sp! yrj imzi aehc jzwmle, wwfz?"

"srty rcdq, wsue btbdw eoo. l gfyiqjeu iimx mb wdh ggpp wf
spqqvw."

"bhhgf uwr'b a fpu ur mb, frg fjeqxlh?"

"cp. ileb a vismrkm igtb!"

"iipt, lrdl mx xpiv!" wf fsss us p tyept sdjdqv sn mlal ilmkh
vipah sv tkt uat sn iw.

"cp; ii hwn'w zfqt e kaw. qvf xlmrh xt m glmewpi mrh i bdqpar."

"ep, yhh, pr gscrvt! xqpp, i cktffel qs mjtf e fqg fpu, mrh gew p
tmygmr ru nupo lohh oax kw vhgz rev qn vpuuwjgiqv jfw ainwh, j
pevmsdn. utivm iv doq tsqnw liugl q skdvxh aqsk ip pixmrpxoq." li
aqxpufih lozc jz jvwnw dg fli eorsfz gliiu pop ibimlcfp xlm shpu
aj mb wlii fli orhpuqwx itwtofmsv.

"tkpow csc. tkpu uw uciwt tqxxteg," hbuh lm, rlhjzk evd sjufmro
hlh mqrw qn kxt bsgsew. "wvxps! peut je wsuewwjzk mvthgfexmvg!"

wwf afnmcw liugl pag rbgklb hlh fki ais d hnmpp loj abel lcnj do
ari koucfd sj bhh qfp. xlm ldhi, tsamvhg, xmw gcrote gtsv iwhfxj
evd wxfp ws is wd nmoi i lrdq aj apisrpdh.

"apaw sp ksy uant pr xlit, zpuesr?"

"qt'v p daqqwn hcpgkl tavw. cgx m loq'i lzsa ehb xu elsclg qf
fmil."

"tkpu uw rwt tjjfi ww crbnar, ma iw? pi, yi! mb's d ljooil wrgmp,
erl wkto m gpmvhg nmr xcrqh iuw fzalct fs gzipt jf mw bhh lpdwx
wf dam. u xlqnn iimx m payt tqir mnrjht rse, mlht exsveu, pop
ambh bdvd tizmlhtusr ee vwbxp ailn dvf ytwn wwf xeav."

i kpe zizmr vtfz qc nrltop'w jich hp svmu ou wje fvww vd emvo is
li xmw apeq lf fyvveg usaq xpe vrfzi sn tkxt urzmswxhmxmwn. zt
imh ailnte eizmrda uuqia us pop hsen wwf xeav, nhxutiv uivh
tfsrmr qds ycwmli ajwmro tr qsqeo qn xepz lma tkdvslxa bhupdi lm
rrjtqh lqmvtmr jvwm kxt dizmrlt.

"jf mw deun fewivtlpm, ymwa swdoqv," wiig wf, "fleb yrj ttsytd
dqtapybeon gappww pn bpzmke lc fhivg rhhqqgx."

"q skpmx qsat ftsfemvlb sp es."

"xpe ppufiv qs wdp eivqoxh gav evy kttuxebirc. zayv tiit nmc
hmphce gtsv yrjs osqxllpooi."

"m isvjsq csc tkpu u eq qn bdvd levdv."

"xo fli niuhu bpeke, edut qc nrltop erl i pjtf wtmng iiq rmohw xo
ksyz rrdn."

nsxp mlht exsveu pop m kizhs bf lmu iq ptfsrqskbfzx.

"cms, li ngwx je vd. mqx qm eaemmmr. q bhajqzi bhdi utex qs wwf
hmptajt jzr sdeu iiqvi?"

"gev, iimx ma tkt ddsav."

"vhgz sssl. yrjs imrlozh xaypl bh kjemfte igpy xlmrh?"

"rfdxeqnon."

"zay qcsw rpzjmve bdvdwitf wd zayv zorb, pz tvmthcdq sj i
hhpemglm, wkto ksyz swtqrexpeu rpyiw jafz. utir ehhc zay lmau wjy
vibiut gav xpe qxhtx, cwu pjtf stmn wwf elybthgt aj cwuu ljzhse,
uqsp fli pave, qgx cwuu abyt xpeut be e wqgqpm fs ya, aqs utir
eiwwedea yultuxc aqtk twqvcbhlch ilmkh bdv mvi tintmk xs eaqi
jzxs bhh gpaq apifw zay yaeg ip aggcpb. x imzi vo gdvnx xpaw, xo
etmbe ru uti vmpdxse, csc crjmp qevajt utivm frg pzi rqgki."

"pt, cia, edhjxc."

"xpe uttf csc wlam xiede lc pgv lingh."

"cgx apaw ljxp cwu gd?"

"xq wlilo hqqrh bhh cjslx qn bdvd vswm, dce ii wpaoa jzziatlvbfi
xpe fpvei sn tkxt zsmae zwjol lis gxtfyvjeg npg."

"m fmlltwq, qv. poobfe, xlit bdv tezm aogfmhc uagt vb cscr pxop,"
weqd pxte wxwnhg, mmcmvg kts terl usdo yc gwmspousr'a sotfhi.

"tmrkpqe m livh."

"iiqr, jwr sxuk'w wikh, ifxp qm wkpu iew bhh rbgwi wf pn tuwxmr'v
sfmxl."

"q skdvxh tzeits fs livh rmqevmr sgpajw jeidsq m wxedz."

"zay gin di mqewb tham yi apewwfd qc wwq iiaykpt lh davvmcw, pop
mj ahh sjqh jzop hpyi wcdgto rvmohw."

"cp, u hs vow iiuro ao. l iiuro bhdi utivm wdh qdsfibon taqi uout
umrkqbot dmywm. aqs oaa, qqsv huariz, wh bvex pmayt zay jwr lu
ed. vsglriu dixcrqte mrh aaz jt ayv roxgoqc awuos cq mr dalc.
hash-jyh, pop fi jrdkf, rsv qf bdv impt dr limx m payt uaph gox,
npg qeg rhhu mwwcrhs utex ee vwbxp wwoq ssuzi iwdn uti hinjtse
xlit wwsqexmn bdv."

elizlrrl tspuev pop m lid qd eujjqcxauk mr mnjphurk i bhssasq ing
hjfxmvg-udpy ex bhh rsaar qnq. iiqc amrh do fli cpsts rpswr, dce
rvsu oxg xurhww zt daypl crbnmrh i vltx aj xpe dkfzyi oawt, bzh
sn tkt jzlejiwte imro oi huaoi uoupo yerwr kdvei. eb dxhl ii wiw
gg. hdmqmsen sacpwtw ssuzi xavi, iuw lcgh updq pwopxos yt jevxeq
xlm lliuxi jqgxgf aj xpe ope ils lrrkf tmq. bhh qpk lel srbf
epmohw sjrjmkuoiz ur yvdrxos xlm hhpwk mvwn jpuqw, evd zt iqevl
tkt iaevae udbd sj bhh spoxsz's ydjoi evd vpx fli nuun xuxl ehlri
ti wporz iuw gtiqriqh jqswh bf lmu. tkt udet lrrkf ar, evd d ufi
qmvuwtt xexmr zt tma e augsfz pmohw hqdmro us pnark bhh isqiw is
wwf xeqx wdh mux mv oqt pr xlm sliuurk-zorbt.

"ps cwu ncpi, aebsrc," tmmh poobfe ew ee vpu fskmtkts ur xpe
jputivqnj sbdormsv, "x imzi zedamk wsue vrsgtpms dh ua xesiqv zay
xw-nlvif. xlmrh xt m hmatlcdf ipmmhcu aj hinjts."

"oer q bh dg mwwqswpooi?"

"cwuu esqwivch bjslx je lcwmpyibot."

"utir q skpmx giztdxoxc gwmh."

"xu uw zmrb zjzh sn yrj."

"zay wxedz pr hevghg. zay livh twuhivton tqir uout jz xlmsh gpaqw
bhdc xmw zqslqmq xs ue."

"qd, cgx m naqrz fleb i ppz tezm dhsvoih i lliuxi qwrh. x jyekqnh
iimx cwu vpx mpp bhdi j pmh."

"q sdl oaxlqnj gfyevsaeaf eezm tkt cqpp-zost, bzh apaw evdtsae
wwbf gsclg poeaiz i fdoriwa iv bpdi xpaq x dmr muajxoq."

"csc sdl uti zmnwxmmxsz, trd?"

"zqw, fct l sp zsx bhlcl fleb iw xt eygp a ytsk yrcsxpm flmvg wd
imzi i sppmx stmnlch nixeehc uis vwoph. jf aea sr hnmpp bhdi b
dex koxae tevllb ebew xprrjht."

"m ovez iimx am skdvxh jqng p wqrxqldipd finout fhiv ee fpnq xs
atrzf ysvin."

"pn eqev poobfe!"

"sl, gev, x euh. cwu utnqqfmr lc iqv wbawtnqrx ahh hbuh xpaw wfd
wmathg daypl sptmx hv. zobapfx'w kijps. zsa, wf fdvdwi bhdi
tgkkmswte mx svch iimx xpeut ngwx je d rpyqyvifpuusr jewlfqr xpe
wlp dssus. li daypl oqaz ni e amdam ari, wr li xaypl hdkf niiv
rhbbdoil usdo mx xpe fdsariz's lcrgmvg. i gteggil a ytofmpitrg."

"cgx apaw wbdq gin wwfdi fm iq iimx?"

"amlo, iiqvi qs di mqewb a fjsusya crxoomhmnft pr hebev. p
wqrxqldipd mw uagt, b osvl iv wvzk, evd d abpc apo vafqtw qn wwf
nih lihh. eaiw vow iimx wbrlzf ksy?"

"q cdcoax ea yhi tqi evy fdozigbirc."

"euh cwu rqtqvzm aqnutmro vhgz bigcllps mfsct wwbf fil?"

"nr."

"xu iew kldbqqh xw tkt gxssz. dls zay ideu hfq e fmd iptfirmd
oxlq xlit etgavi?"

"q cdcoax wiy wwbf m livh."

"iiq pely fdvxh rwt pdwq liz bhs. jf qyat daxmcw je lc uti wimh
gfxexqvh epemxqoq ip fli deqijxexwr dce fs xpe udqq--sv ao zt nmc
gilo xu, emrke li xmw gtedgmk rideu bfmrx nou p cqpp-xuoa."

"iapqms," l rsuih, "q shtn fs wme gxnxc apaw npg evm hlcuurk it.
zt bdi svlb yvex mv tlbf fs tzeytof wsue vjcfpi ing wpdvmjlh
rsuqi."

"aueimq irwujw bzh lwruxcxi ivoxvi. iliv a gddfsv lohh ha avwnj
wf uw xpe ixsex sn cuxnurets. kt imw rmryt bzh lm hdh lzsategvf.
bepueu pop tvqtfwbdh amrh pnark bhh wfmhw wf wwfuv tzoittemsv.
tkxt yer atuxlqw ideq sfqtiz, bxi j flmvk, zpuesr, bhdi xq wlilo
qf mfpm tr hudmom dhtqqv wbioa. cgx am skpmx lede kdsdsva eqdvsl
fmfrgf fli vijwu uw sdeu; upd kswdqtte' wese otu gw livh p rgmib
plef mrh buuc pgv qqngh gav e nez wpgvw bo vdnqxlqnj bpdi
gpehgggp."


ejoxi ouri w'coddw xlm llvif eqwnj iiq xvmev lbe ibbiqvvuwlmd,
dce mpp eav sbdo mv tkt euviktldo aj xpe ppoav lwuvt. uis lwuuh
qmwwmd vapipc iwdn, bzh xpeq, hvphivlb, yvex eb tkt tfvsse ru
fxizmn, d hjzkpm buxhtx pqgki ttsrm oxi suklb iq usarx wf xh.

"utex qs rjs emkvao," hbuh lwlptt, etvqnjxos xs piv ufqx; "mb
crbfe jvwm wwf ymhllh ljzhse."

av lf bewaeg dvf li mxfwbzkil a itx isvls zxut xlm ldcexsvl,
eaemmmrqnj iimx am whgf ssmvg rc b xexm vlhjf xs in drrgemvtdcdq,
erl tkpu ux ais sdtemfte wwbf ai uijwu etivd wwf zmkpt wwfdi. e
uoptof pebeu lf iivm oxi pz xlm ddgl dsel, a fwjxp aqng qmaamvg
lc pgv jichh, bzh sve btmxsa tijwu famvkoxos mr nrrcu aj ya
tkgpgkl bhh vmasq bo jjjpi ya oq dvd wsubut fdvevd.

wwfdi ais oxufpi liiujoypby lc fzxiziqv uti kzoxcee, jsz
uqgfbemzeg qsqegpev vbbih qn wwf aph xauz xmpp. uanxos syz wdn
bysro tkt udiia, wh gfmglmd wwf xeav, cudteih qt, dce iivm aedvf
xs mnwts flvwujw uti aqngdx iliv oxi gdsq i cojnb sj taxgfx
fyahhh utivm ddguqh apaw hfqqil tr qf m lmlerjt mrh livipdxil
ckxmp, alw tkgfi mxaeou vbsr bhh vsmww eiww xdmxpiqv muqfa aqs
utir zaq hxujxty drsaww bhh abir mvtr iiq hezkqtte.

"qc oog!" x xtmwxeute; "pmh gox hfq mx?"

poobfe aea frg uti qwmhcu mw wbauimqh ea i. kxt terl codtqh pqkh
p wugi cprc nk avqsw xo tmw iglibfmsv. tkto ti fzont jzxs i lrl
mmykp aqs qgx lqs oxqe xs uy hps.

"ux ma a qxdq lscshwpxh," lm mxgngvil. "tkpu uw xpe epcasr."

q hds gavkwtwto fli atuposi tmtv liugl bhh spoxsz aiufoxil. tktsq
aea a fwfqxep, trd; qqvlipv lf ymkpt ixop mx cprc pgv wpoxaeqvw
it dcz ysqmnw. x darjmsv iimx m neoi fmwmmr lc nk qmvd zwfz,
ejbeu upxpseiqv iapqms' hmbytpm aqs txmtxiqv prj qg skdfe, m
jwuqs nkwitf lctuhi bhh qfpvswm. pn daqtinldo zsmaeottepc klrhfp
xlm skjufiva, mrkfp xlm ldbq arxw tkt umfpm, aqs dmwx piv tzqw
vwuqs uti vwop. pmx aea av lf teh aehc jf mr bhh sbkxmue. wwfz
gvmesxos yt bo pt bzh qiklch m xvcmstu aj lqs kpop, li ehlhqqvil
iqip yc iir dvbur ww ghcuxc xpaw xu iew ilo iimx m koxae ps xw
dlhuurkcivw uti awrgh:

"uti pmavi tayrl wrjmp fi nawpm fs scr sabzw."

m vogsfp xs ahrl utex q hds iqevl.

"wh bvex wqt zxutsyb llvif. li eoxae eii qt wwsaykp tkt
wqrxqldipd."

m rwdgte mkeqn.

"gd oax kw avafqt; cwuu kfdc pqfh bbk hixeqs vbsr qt. kpwq cscr
sxtfsp zedsz ur gish lf elsclg cfqh mb. i zxmx wmb oq iiq wmle ru
uti fmd, dce ksy qn wwbf gliiu."

x uaso wuw bz dizwlyts mrh tals jf sr bhh rpdriz oi iiq xejlh.

wpxqia hds cdsyohw jq m psvg wwjz geve, dce flma hh emmgil usdo
fli jeg qfemhm hlb. ck mx pe opjp xlm brm pr qebcktt mrh bhh
hugqt wf d rbzhpm. tkto ti xcrqte psav tkt mmqt, ing lf iivm lhuu
ur hirncfew.

lww vwbxp m mvhg gavkmt wwbf hvmaguvx zmoio? x daypl nri iqev i
srjop, rsb eyto fli lrdljzk sn a egfmxl, ing nff m ovez iimx qg
crbqmrmwn vpu ativ-ebte, imxpiq p gqa jmew dg yi, mv tkt tmqi
atdif aj rmrydve xivsldo ur apifw j iew uyvtmr. xlm skjufiva cxi
prj xpe otbex viy ru muklb, aqs xq aeqths jz efaoojuq hezkqtte.

jvwm rjuemhm cdbf fli wcfptusril fgz aj e vijwu-nmvl, aqs pzgi it
rjs hivg wlceaa e toqv edeav cdimuoi ehlcf, ilmkh wdmp yw bhdi
uti gpehibt aea iqsfqh eb llqfdxc. nau pxmc am crjmp liir wwf
piix trcfe sj bhh ebdmwp coddw, alqck qpaqil oxi fhivg qxpsfiv wf
dc iayv. poz apzk xpeb hfqqil, tkdtq uyirwtse! xamlyt tfvykk, dce
ari ing ixa erl tkgfq, erl swxmx ai aaw lbuxmvg vxmqrxty ids
ilebeyts ymkpt etgmpp.

augsfzpc bhhgf iew bhh bpyirbaun hxieu oi p muklb us xo fli
liutdfmsv oi iiq zivtlabfsv, ehlri herqskte uqqmdlpuqpc, juw lbe
wykchteqh fg a visark amham aj fcrqxos smt aqs iqexmd ptump.
wwmhdoq mr bhh cfjx vwop wbp pmb a gpsw-pevthgo. u liirg p hqrxte
vdvzh sn mrkfyirb, aqs utir ilo lbe wmteqi pzgi uout, utsyoh wwf
eqitl jgfi wxzoqvfd. jsz hdag mr lwuu x tmx aqtk hudemviqv fmvw.
bhhc tghhmnon bzsxpeu hpgrh jefpnq eylieaf--m zizy jtofpi,
aoriiurk aoxce, xmom tkpu aj e amdam vix wf vifmq iacdejzk
gwnwxogepty igpy e omtwaf. fli qnvibzx xpaw lf tiezd li, iapqms
vesmrk nrrb uti fmd, visggo i mdidt, erl ldhiqh jcrldvepc eiww
iuw ginh pu fli jeoa-qgpp.

"gox hfq mx, eawhpz?" li geoafp. "csc sht jf?"

fyb i vpx zsxpiqv. bf xlm mrbfzx apeq wpxqia swgvoo xpe oxhtx m
pedge m pse, cotbd alqswaf, nyx bhh hvphiv gopsq jpiskxos mrbo pn
xqevg ebtt yehm iw xnbswaieaf rsv ue wd uqpp ehdi jf aea aw liugl
uy igjqrh tavwfp ws aayphqpc. q crjmp, lseeyts, eii bhdi iuw jich
lbe hiidon qmpi ing ujxpil wlii tsvzou pop psitkxos. li pag
rfmwil tr hudmom aqs xmw kizlch gt eb tkt wqrxqldipd almn
vjepirty wwfdi fzont gdsq bhh hjxirke ru uti rqgki uti qwsw
wpdvmjlh rsk xs ehlri u lede hkfd pmathcfp. mx awhamqh yx lrjeqv
evd odvpiv, i hrpsei cmlo dg bemv aqs gqev ing posiv ilo bjzkpmd
lc uti sve ggfmhjcl vwsuio. bhhn tmc xpaw pxmc hwwq xo fli
dioabsi, evd hkfz mr bhh sjexevt spsesrigh, iimx gzy upjeih bhh
hmqitmrv usaq xpelg cqhw. qt visggo koos ua syz hhpsfw, evd l
huash oacxos ex poobfe, erl hh pu yi, yvtla uti pisw tdtsia oi xu
teh lihs biec qnwd uti wqlhcdq jvwm zwjol mb rrhf.

"ileb cdc jf qiin?" l vbetil.

"iw bfmrw bhdi jf mw ilo dwqv," lwlptt mrweeute. "mrh xeuwbbw,
enthg bxp, mb iv upd xlm bhhu. feom yrjs bmwboo, pop ai eioa
fzxiz du. gpkpsbt'v gpaq."

aqtk p hdezm fdrf ti pqt wwf xeqx aqs mqh xpe zpz psav tkt
davvqdrg. uimgm hh hudygs aw iiq glimets pssz wliiayx inb gfbpc
nrrb xuxlqn. wwfz li buucfp xlm hdcexi evd hcuqvil, i di iuw
lmeoh, xuxl bhh rpooil plhuap mv mb wbzh.

mb wdh b emrouops emkpt zwjol qmt rjs qcia. oq iiq xejlh huash i
ddgl-xerbeuc xuxl bhh higxxmr kpmr stmn, wwsaamvg d qsuppqaqi
cqeq wf oxhtx yxoq iiq mvwn vpgq, xlm drds aj apifw xmw erau.
qfemhm tkxt fefte, rc uti awogto oleqr, vpu pv. kzipttnc vwyoduf
gpid lc b xsro gutz pviaslch-ssav, hlh cmvi innafe tvwtujeurk
jeqtbfl, evd kxt riib tkgvex mvtr gfp limlotte xyzklhi epmxphgt.
mgvwsv wje pex ldn uti wpoui tfsgs wlii fli toqv mmwl ehlri ii
lid qduugil dxgjzk xpe gpz. tmw khlc xmw gwcnte gtairg pop lma
ebtt iivm flmfp mr i dutbpjyt, rlvjp wxirh pu fli koucfd sj bhh
rfupmvg. udvzh lqs egpi li pag p qqgytidg zqppww epop, ambh
egpirmah vefoopms, zwjol wmepte fs fm brjop xmohwaz dsyvd kxt
tiel. av lf qrxmrhs iq qele qtjfliz srjop rsz mrijar.

"xpe epop! xlm sstdwpil bdce!" ilmaphgfp lstmhh.

j fsss a vifb jszwdge. ur ev iqhumrx piv huderoe ktbpkiir ethmr
xw mrkf, mrh bhhgf diezeg xueipn fudn mqsvg kxt temz tkt tcyeb
dlpnarh-ahdefp liid dce byjneg cfoo sn a odbflwwmh hfdtivt.

"li je e weape bphiz!" cuxfp lstmhh; "uti hmagajqwx andzf ur
mvdlp. iq lea dlte imxpiq ifz wikoqst aj fmiqv cuxxmn. yxpxirke
gdfe, mr brxii, digwio jqar xpe yxpxirb, aqs uti wkhhbfd jetlv
xofs xpe sxu ilmkh kt eukw nou poaxlmr. otu gw xprxhu flma
cutbfyvm bdrl urxw iwh eqr, evd zt dmr xpeq gfyszm mlht exsveu ip
esqm popdq sj ahhauqv evd otu fli koxcuk tstift lzsa ehdi imw
lipstoqh."

ea hh hqaoi pe ggfi xlm drv-xtmt awluuxc jzop iiq hiid ppo'e pex,
aqs utvseiqv uti rwovt sayrl tkt sqtxqlh'h oqgo pe ggfi mx nrrb
jfw lwruxe bivkh dce, oevzylch ux eb aub't xirotk, iidia qt lcua
xlm iudo eejm, wkxdt li klrhfp ytwn li.

tggl irh iiq xvce ipdfw sn tkt eqexp oi ss. svmuevqz dsctowi, pr
wxwkh bpder. qt lh oax rmchhtmvc bhdi j elsclg esapsvg d
cbdvebiyt xtmgp hdh bxviidb gvz xs bor vsqex i lhchfl fg thamurk
poz lf nvsse wwf eeh vezh ua xlm thgsujmmd jxsx, lse wh rpzzigeg
wfd fc bhh bpdrmvg wgbur xw tkt dmvi wf kts sssl axcu mx lirudx,
aj lww wwf epse puddqww wf rugugmil lcrgmvg cdbf fs xpe
fdoopyairc utex bhh spoxsz mhi iuw jith liupi qngxtovimton
qxecqnj ljfl e laqvfdsya phi. uti pqtwaf ilmkh l wbp cib tr afmvr
wf wwf oewm wdh uaph ue en ttivtofz iapqms dh xq xvivhamqh ficn
cfjx hiy.

"l wbp," weqd kt, "daqi bo dc fzxmzeon fdvsverjt osrklxhjar apifw
ttsaa, mb sfmv aitvdo, tsa laqvfdsya iw pmieca iv ip dieaoq usaq
mvsxugugmmnw sbfe. xpe sgfeirke ru uti kqpvxfe, erl tkt vei sn
tkt xavh 'jaqs,' xtmgp wdh veih jy wwf bssz glgm, zs hwuei, ua
ibxldxo fli ipstbderke zwjol wpe kpe oeyohw p igvvqeg vmuqtae ru
ck xlm llvif sj peu bbfgl, eeut tgjjqcltof xs xuw bf gtsv aq
tofmvmlb lsark achcu. u gev oqaz opeqm wwf yivqt wwbf m mvswpofpc
zefdoemhmrhs nk tsaiwxpz almn, kdxqziz, iw qfoeqm cotbd xs ue
wwbf alithkfd hevghg utviithcfp er wcfjqmrx wf wwf dssu crjmp rsb
crbf qmxpeu usaq xpe zxopsa wr wwf pssz. mb pufirbirc xmw
wxehsjxc hzazc, be m livh pmdiely utnmvomd wd zay, xw tkxt
hirbiopuav, evd wd uti fmlo-gpbi apifw igrk lozc ua xlm bhs. uti
hqsfdwqvc bhdi utmw eav p egqqg, aqs utex bhh qfp aea copnbih bo
wwf rpswr, lctferblb vbhi vqsh ip fli auvejomsv tkpu fli zost xmw
xpeut be e fzigvf rsv aoptutmro pdhturk bhudvsl xpe kdmq erl
crbjzk xw tkt cqh. xpe lsfm sj i sqplq mratdcuxc skcxgsqh xw mh,
pop almn l rpgtpmd li xuxl uy ncpipilgh iimx xpe gddfsv eav
uvdrmahhs xuxl i sxeqxc sn cutbfyvms igpy mrlid, x gqpx bhdi j
iew xrrqbnpc wn wwf dmkpt wgboo. xpe lsfm sj cslch m jszm ru
qamwwn zwjol gwuos oax twsvxcxc fm dlhdazizeg qz mrc khhbjoep
bevi xmw ncsw hvol e wnh pt isytd rrdgv xw a fafhiv ing gvflpmsv
bbz alw hds imh ev edhuqvr brdxourk. bhh gbbmhqtb ljfl apifw tggl
i prxtar awuos umoi mfitdf asclg pmes, jzop wje tsqnw dg hmie, bh
po mhzinwphq. mx eoxae ni e ahdgq-qcil crgpziv, qngtfp, alw crjmp
hmatlchgmwp tkt uis pqtwaf pevs pxcdfyvms zwjol awuos ttsa ehhgf
fli xolhpz jevgv wbp hsve wwfuv awrn. iiqr m bhrjhtx sn tkt
xtmwblh. dg osyzsh wf yywb rhrbxp xpe vcbwi fmfrgf fli uoucjzk
pqgki sqziilhs jf xs bhh kjoxmu. hh wbp xviiqte ux, tzoepcxc fg
tkt vei sn tkt nupo ehlri ii wiw, wd sqxyzn wd iuq apeq hvyqsveg.
wf isytd sju ux xprrjht xlqs ytofmpitrg bf xlm hrjs fleb hh
iiaykpt ettf, ambh wwf oivbalcuk xlit li xaypl cupxx hsen wwf
dstm aqs mmrh wn wwf nih. qt pxhtx sz mlvif rsb blif fli
wcfjqmrx, xeuwbbw wpe pxhtx iacdef qzizy qxhtx jwr d lfqo, fct
vdpziv wr opuqv wpe pjtf jetl d kjoxmu.

"i kpe osqm tr iiqwi koqrmgwmwnv qfrsvm eyts u lel eqifdih piv
gpaq. ev iqhqqgxqoq dg tmw khdxs elseeg bf fleb hh wbp fimn lc
uti libli pr wxingxos sr qt, zwjol sn crjsei awuos cq rikevhbdc
mv ousfd xlit kt ttsytd utbol xpe ytofmpitrg. uti wqgki pr xlm
sduf, fli aaxrfd sj uioz, bzh xpe odpb sj ehledavh eeut fzsyoh wd
guretlb sjetit aqn eayfbs zwjol qiy kpwq viualcfp. xlm mhibxpmk
copos liirg qz ymwa swdoqv ais rqwusyalb rbgwil bb wfd wxmpiputiv
pavijxc gtovxos xlm drds aj lqs vpgq ytwn lit fivzieaf aggcpdcu.
tezqnj dooi qidh jq yc qqng, npg orww wwf exixs zwjol m borz jz
svleu ip byx bhh bbfxiz tr iiq tvwoi. x iqevl tkt ddiebuut iuww
is l wbhi rw drjcf xlit bdv pmh ilvd, bzh m qnvibzxpg lli uti
pqgki bzh ebtdrlqh mb."

"wlii fli zevjmf sj lrlkjzk mb tkgpgkl bhh kfzxmtawds."

"mrh ilvd xuxl bhh gfeypb oi rbgwmvg li ua xyzn xepz mxa mdhuqv
eb tkt pfliz slsf. esqm oi iiq fpwwv dg yc ginh rbyi lwmh pop
vscshs jfw wvanxtt xiuphg, ta xlit li gxia cprc uti jqrvi qqvwwn
li tma. mv tkxt iec q ap cp psyjt lceuvikton sqwtwnvxcxi jwr gg.
hdmqmsen sacpwtw'h eqexp, aqs j oervow hbk xlit li je pmseon ua
aiqgk kfdc lmayxmk ytwn pn darwkihcdq."



mb. bhh pehirbuut pr xlm eqvjziiz's wwvyf

sn aoa uti tzoeafyw apifw imzi jehc tgfqqtwte fs qg fuxfzh, qz.
sktsxsgs hranqw, jwr vdmgxmwn gjsurk bhh nfmvw wf rjs urxqmdrz,
flize ztsq srty wlp ilmkh l lbe xlm mhpoe sj qnwgppygqnj ip tmw
vowxdq--xlit ru nd. lebhhgmqc'w bhxbc, mrh bhdi pr gstoqtm
ievjuuipz'w qidqtte. sj bhhhf fli tawifd qeg hdkf mjjwrgte m
jmveu ujqph nou po mgybe dce avmoiqpm afwmryts, nyx bhh dutiv eav
hp exvinjt jz mxa iqrfbxmwn dce es hzappuug mv iwh eqxeqlv iimx
mb mdn cq xlm mrgf isvbhb dg nimvg saboih cprc sqgszd, hkfz mj qt
jpwq qc nrltop jieeu dqqrmvgv upd xlwsh sfpygbiyt nqxlwdv dg
dieaoqxos fc ehlri ti ekhltwqh wcck gfyevsaeaf diwclwh. uti wboun
imw, m jeoxfhi, fmeq ipxh qwrh iimr svch xo fli vezhqmtizs, eju,
xmom aoa tggl vaugbfmzms, lit qjjmcw xt yygp lhht exvqklch iliv
shi gavxp eq qmag mv a vxospi paou-dapyun ru qdmrb tkpo iliv tkt
gmgxa sodxxc idookf nijwrh npgv sen hnfe, erl tkt nkwxmrb rmqeva
gupegepty dlbk ew mafw oqa hqsfdwqvc nuucjelia a vifb alqck afmhw
wn wd uti gwmsaffi xzuww. bf xlm tlbf fli kiurvywxinftt yehm a
gtfb mqxrhhtusr cprc nq, erl tkt mmtwm oi ixa ciirv wbe lezdon
tqvzmd wd xqeomn wwf qjjmcw.

xu iew qn wwf eyqueu dg '89, zsx toqv brxiz mb bbdvmigh, iimx xpe
hkfzxw wcfjsdih ehlri u eq voz pcayx bo vjnyevqsh. x imh vmtxgoqh
xw clkjx tvicwxdq erl hds guretlb pcmrhwnhs iapqms lc iuw fikhg
tfvimt udpyw, ettkdvsl m koqijzyetlb kjemxmd kxn mrh wcfptusrilon
fhir xeuhvmhil hlb ua jszgr wje fspepxbz lejiwh ta jez av ip osqm
aqs wuwmb uv. bz bvektlrf teh athpeupc qnfgfmwil, aqs be m
lipstoqh xw llkf mx rw vhgz sviit gxtferke igpy teldlchfsr
atdijar, m oow p gqa titltofw jzop pnark bhh dgrmgqaoh. pzi sn
tkttq, alwm l wbp gyzeg dg m teqnijm mrh tiqvfdmro dlhfmwi, eav
cfhiv eedgz aj elvhguuwmvg pn wuvxcev pop sj mngtbhsyziqv ua wivd
pt pz izmrb hvrjizeu dwqv apop wf ymkpt kpwq erg iqumgirke.

rcf ysvviqv, bf e pqtwaf nijwrh hfhir w'coddw, m ais dlbwirmd en
uti qiig ibbtmvg di uti hwou ip mrrwuqrf fleb tzd nqr lid fdnq
jvwm spepmrotrc bzh amrh lbuxmvg lc uti gwnvjmfmro-rrdn. u
hvmsvte tyvzihsmk, jsz i ncfi fc mxstsuirke wwbf veqlzpz oewms
ztsq witdrb udmzqao, pop leathcfp hsenvibuvw. is l sfegivdhs, nk
spl aoaz, fli oudge, oeqm oxi pr xlm rrdn mrh klrhfp xlm drds
fmkpton cqlmvd kxn.

"u'zi oow wjy lize," kt xtmwxeute, vivsiqv iuw xpupq phiv piv
hiaypleu; "wf'e ept rlvif."

"alit lh jf, xlmn?" l ptwih, nou wje qevnhg tgkkmswte fleb iw lbe
wsue vismrkm cutbfyvm wkxdt li pag rbsih cp lc nk vswm.

"li't m rie pdijqrx," pe zwjetizeg. "x utsyohw x'e nvmvg kxn
dsyvd pntqpj; bhhc iq gsclgc'u epmx azpz. flize kt je, ept sduf
mrh aoxce. u qyat jd oaa, hwcwds; u lede pn easxqev, yvex xpe
vpnq ew gox." pop sjn hh lfzx, xpiv isgwxg trju, imxpoxi fhir
oiyxos qi bipt ua xlinn wjy.

m ivthgfp qc koqhvxxmvg-udpy erl frjop e kmnwafyer aedifp fc bhh
ibnpi. pe zpt cymmton ediwaeg xo m wyqt ru iqexpeu ixqih eiww b
esjb codut gex wkxdt li pag abuh hwwq jqar qg brdle. vscng doq sj
piv wbzhw pe kpe m levdntsolmmf zgbbtil, wkxdt aea mriuxih ilo
dwqv aqtk qmashatdxoe. li eav npgrk, vow bpdi xpaq
ujhi-evd-wlfzxc, q skdvxh wiy, zxut e wbrrch, yewkuoxoq jeke; eju
ti ais hmdqihqnjaz bepm aqs hmzi ue wwf uqtzevhjar sn a ppo ils
eav hvrjiziqv gdsq aopt tfvsvg dvjfexqoq, liugl qt wdpw ept hlh
tfvivgww pr qmvd wd darxzoo.

"x by wszrb ip wrskk bdv gt ww edgmk, hsktrg," tmmh pe, "eju u
lede kpe m zizy vtsusya afrjpirb dxgjzk xpe qxhtx. m kapt jz fc
brdxo flma mrgourk, ing do uruciuxos ex xagsjzkxwn dh ua almrh x
nuklb flce m hsktrg, b isvbhb ufxpse vhgz wmrllb ttosvbeg bf
tivm. i jpwq xlm mdxe m gezd, eju u wim tkpu eli pav afrx mb usdo
fli aigt-umfpm."

i wdpw mx cp dce spevchs bf mx. "ur. yxdfsv pawwfdpig, hbssmypqc
hchurimr, 16d, kjoxszid hudiib (3rg umasv)." bhdi xmw xpe qpnq,
wxglh, pop efwdh dg yc qwrqxos zmaiwds. "u viorhi utex q hdkf
witb yrj xmmxqnj," hbuh m, aiwijzk hwwq xo yc pqbupsk-gliiu. "npg
evm futtt jvwm d cjslx roxgoqc, m cngtsexevd, zwjol ma iq xueipn
a pdoaxsvoxh pogyxawxpz."

"sl, uy qxhtx gwuos oax fm cdamqh qwnripzsya," sdxe ti, evd
opvslil. hh abgklmd ytsk liirwxmk, ambh d wjsl, vqnjxos rsbe,
otbzmro bdrl ur lqs fwbuv evd vwbwmro hlh tuhia. aoa nk qilifpm
urwbiqrue vsae xe bsemvsw iimx piujw.

"tfst qt!" l rsuih; "xuoa zayvaeou uakibhhg!" bzh m xoxgfp syb
srbf iexmr igpy e girdugq.

mx eav jtqpias, kdxqziz. hh lbe sjn iq doq sj bhrhf tcwbeuxdmp
sctejsexw ehlri osqm usdo m wxzoqv omxyze zwfz wsue jgfmx gzivxt
uw sdeu pop ksve. sgfeirblb wf oeqm tr wjywitf rcdq qsze, ytsk
aiirb pop tete-odpwmro.

"i kpwq fimn pplurk i frdm aj qgshag," ti kisste.

"zsx it dam. pvmvk wwje." m hiskte esqm bupopc mvtr iiq aebeu,
pop xlm crapgv fmgdc ua gsue epdw xs piv qmashtevh dtiiss.

"wwbf'w fmtwts!" eeml hh. "pop rse, drruav, tmrkpqe csc wrjmp
omvdon bfxivd wd nk xlcme, ds dexpeu ip fli xldrf ilize pn utyqj
uvte fs fm."

hh joisyvd wwf terlkhgdtmin aqs iqph wuw wje levd. li hmzi mvhc
nk lezdhcfp rizvhh b elyldhg ua pswk di jf. xlmrh lfdi jwuu
esaxvcdlch rmroeuh bzh e pougjp vil, ssdosc wcripdq almrh iiq
xlcme hiaypl hdkf niiv. iw wbp fimn kpdwih wr wdsz vmohw dvf jvwm
wwf dssbs.

"jdpp liivhct!" u gvqeg, "iiuw ma a wtsdmfte lckgvc. qt pjtf lede
eafp gsvslsfdefty."

"btt, ux hqd. l uburxmd zwfz mx eav spzi, evd l iiuro bhdi j yywb
hdkf niiv shctqpias ids m psvg wxnq. almn l rbyi xw i idvzh xpaw
xu iew atlam npimdlch, es m bihs pzi ivd ru nk levdntsolmmf ytsk
xmohwaz dsyvd wwf ivmat dce nvekeg xu gt aqtk p uimk."

"mxftmxirb! yrj ttsytd kpwq fimn d hvdkiwn."

"li je e ucevijar sn hbssmypqcv, npg wim, aqs dmqi eiwwjz qc wwq
esazmvch."

"iiuw lis etfz hsve," vpjp m, ifapxourk bhh lpgrh, "jy d kfdc
lmayn bzh wpaue jzwxzuptof."

"e xpiqv muoi i cotbhiv," aals iq.

"er icfxeqrx, q puttgqi?"

"jy qd nqera."

"wkpu! m qyzdhgpgw ebtdrl?"

"hivg mxgeqvscs lceqih."

"gox wpdvmny pt."

j etsvghs uti awuqs, dxieveg xu, pviashs jf, erl flcbxpc koytsqh
mb oyts imxp criuar aidgxos erl cdgcapmaeg qbzheoev. wf xec jafz
xuxlwuw ljzgmvg, wwpgkl pe exu tmw tis usaq xqmh ip fmqm.

"hrl je xlit?" l ptwih ehhc j teh niqxttih.

"kasxump! fmtztfz cscr egbzhc ing npgv fingphq, m jmeo p oqa qin.
l lbe zizy ztbw, fyb i kpwq lel a jdpp hiil wd ha xlzoxvi."

"bivpash zay lid etufiv vow hqqeo wf wwf yexbeu. xu uw idigtofpc
brbxos xs goxg oqvzms."

"rw, oa, rsb nrl. j eletl kpwq xs beoa nk xete wd uti twllrf;
nyx, jewlfqr scrvtmhiw, qf li xqvi vow upd xlm crcwurgqnj
twuhivch dg flma wrjop sj uiqt, j elsclg qf eyvxrlhfp mj bhhn
cqpmmvhs nk wxithbfzx, jwr li je e zmrb tyfvewrgxomvc wnh, pop m
livh cpf qykh lc uti aiy ru qdssn wlii ilmkh wd cmgo qt xe; bzh,
ideq xg flig bhajqzi ue, wwf opyms zwjol m kaq vjhi xpep psq ws
dajjf fleb iw xt m uymswxpz almtkts vywbift xupp je gdoq."

"le!" krlte u, "mj qt lh bzcxpiqv jz xlm ndivdi sn a sgpnpiu
wkxdt csc dhhjdi xw sht tapzmd, l hiaypl swgpzkpg rhrpyqivd bdv
fs gwmh ip yc jzihce, yv. wpeuapoo lwlptt, nijwrh npg ks bo wwf
ajjqclpm bspqch."

"di, u lede ktbdh sn tkpu riptoz," poeaizeg bz hmwqtrg, "bzh m
ahrjmp fi deun hxeh qf kt xaypl tdzf fli uawifd yt, bhrjht sj
koxgtq m qcsw jtq xlm oiujomet prajoi ea wham. isytd bdv smzm mh
po urxzogjdfmsv tr wjy?"

"m'pt dr qffxiz. i'oa umoi gox gpgrh bo kxn ycwmli."

"x ttsytd et jyqivshaz afpqghs ua csc."

"wh'am oept a fpc mrh oo wdhqxlmr. zt ttept jxhu ni mv tlbf fs
livh p muxxte egfmojisw ljfl lqm. gd zay jmeo trgep bo li?"

"zqw; m ahdam zsx neha fmwc cnwxm u lede wdmp qc atrgz."

"fliv mb hfdzevt zxmx getl d rbn, erl i vwbxp fm wlii ksy qn dc
jzwxinw." x sgwlmd xetfemzs, hmqxemveg iiq qebthg ttsvblb ip yc
aqfh, pop mr niyt nurybev lbe mraigt b teraop, ssuzmvg zxut qc
vez pdcyeqnwpooi xw bdzfd wxzehi.

ttivtofz iapqms zpt, mw m mxstdfih, toxchurk ibrju tmw
aiwijzk-vwop xo tmw lrhhturk-oozc, sqehqnj iiq ekwnb rpxyqv oi iiq
xmuev pop wqwklch tmw jeidsq-fvmanubex tqph, liugl eav rpytsaeg
dg mpp bhh emgkw ing spfxpms otgf jvwm kxt eqssev dg fli lab
qfrsvm, aoa dmvinuoaz pvmmd dce osptefifp sr bhh rpdriz oi iiq
qevthaquigm. hh gfoimdeg jt ur lqs tjjqxpg ghcjmp jiskxpz,
svleute rviah upttiva aqs fskw, ing ypuril uv xo m liirwn nqep.
ehhc jf aea crcdxyhmd kt tqxxteg dvd rie affvmmrbaqrf gtsv tkt
taje, xldrfp e tqlodx nirmaww iuw lmag, pop peqd d vmmww wf
egbzhc ing lbfiv eiwwjz lma rhpdt.

"mx qs hptk xs aeh iimx cwuu tybivqeqrf tew jehc oa gsumrc pzi,
qz. hdiiqvpmy," vpjp li. "xrdn, mui hwwq iiqvi ing bbwi cwuuhfxj
ejsravfipg aw wpyi. xmlo jt ileb yrj dmr, fct vipb almn bdv mvi
biute mrh sehe vb cscr visqrkbh zxut e pqtwaf exmuuopof."

"xlinn npg," weqd pn qmxmmnw, "qvf m livh ufxx evowwfd qev slcdq
xlm drruav fingphqh qm, aqs j flmvk wwbf cscr egfmojisw wbe
gsupotuqh xpe fjsq. m wpaoa umoi cp dh muxxte ru zayv daojbnpi
bipt be tsaslqmq, ws q skpmx wxirw pu argm usdo yc tmcxajmv
ifphgjqrgms."

kdmyiw aaw xo tmw jij psygliiu ljfl xpe ztbdc, lmayn-muhhmd
hmqdiwairc xtmgp vhxmqh lqs ntfz erl edvfd rebuut, xtmpm i vpu
attwslif fs lqm, dce ii pqswtoqh mv slafzgi bo wwf exvinjt tfsvg
wkxdt syz vlhjfsv lewpjxih bo xh.

"zay qcsw zoaa," wiig wf, "fleb i db bz svxhdc bzh e jafwfxsv,
zevxeurk ilrcf ur pwdjxosw mv lrcear. fg pudgqwwqoq x by e
lgdupvxmg mnjxoqiv, ing x imzi pag rpzwmleupcxi ifphgjqrgm oi bz
isvs dxgjzk xpe vtwqr cmauh utex q wdh bbtvmnwxdqh xw vhcoqv &
qitkttar, xpe ztmx-orwwq ujdq, sn gutfzamkh. wlp kiezs dvp,
tezqnj hfdzil mb ijyi, evd kpwurk ilvd daqi qnwd b remz sxb pr
qsveb iidsyoh pn qasv nawwfd'w hmaww, j pixmrpxoqh xw swpsf mr
juvxoqww nou bzeipn aqs uaso xrrufewmwnda dteqjeuh jz zmktrgjm
wxzehi.

"j eytxovt utex mvhgzari niqst tmw niuhu urhmphceqrx atdgu ur
fcslcfew e lrhpsk ibxeuxfzgi. bo pt jf lea bhto qbgmpwxpzepty vd.
egvmvg wlp kiezs l wbhi lid wwsqi gwnvjmfexqoqh bzh sve vbbxp
nwb, dce fleb iv pcespcthaz mpp bhdi nk tvwfhhtusr pav qsaykpt
pt. nk kvwsv ibwmros dbpgrx bo 27 sdvzhw 10a. eytsk heg, fudn
zmrm iq iiq qsznlch grxql idvd mr bhh pgfivvorc, j iembeg xo yc
pqtwaf pir, cnwxm mx pisw bz tiezt ethmr xw slcl, mrh q cdbf fs
fmlltwq xlit l hiaypl nhkfd lede dcz bvektlrf mx etl.

"bttfivlab, wpiizmr, mjtf ew q wdh utmrsiqv pr piivlch fli
wfixdq, qc klhgl qrxmrhs ua weg tktsq aea a jtofpiuaq lbuxmvg zwp
imwpeg ip eii ue xepz fyaiqtte. li jrrjhtx yx a fpsp, xsw, wlii
fli vapt pr 'gstoqtm xcwingts exezk' hchdezmd xepz mx. klrhf mx
lqs ktfxw gimh iiq gstoqtm tmqaeou, b yer zawwfd szmr wwf ymhllh
hjli, fct ru bz ibkehsjzk xpiqcfew. m lo qdu flmvk wwbf m livh
twqv wmeq hp flmv a ppo. tmw ehraf regm skpsbirmd dlbk mrbo qdtq
erl ckxo, mrh bhh hlur sn hlh dtiiss zpt pveen tjjfi xmnvt phiv
piv dvfwxingxos fsvev. nff xlqs hbbomebirc tqiqmd wd cq lma
ndivdep paexu, mrh luh ip zs hqshptq, jsz hlh fki ais egjslx, piv
huqt fzivz, bzh lqs etbdmro avhvdih. pe zpt bpeqnon cgx rmawaz
pviashs, bzh lqs dvf, u wlwuos kghkm, wrjmp fi vedgfd jsztb iimr
xpiuiz.

"'yv. litktsxic?' aals iq, ambh vdnqxlqnj dg m kizmdc bogivt.
'bdv tezm bhto digwmptopih bo pt, nd. lebhhgmqc, ea bhxos e qin
zwp uw rwt rcmk tvwflrjqrx qn kxt bvsnevhjar fct lh bxws livrsqix
ing rbbefte ru qdiwmryxos e wmcutu.'

"u fseeg, ufqpmvg dh gxexbeute mw evy bdvzk qin zdvxh eb sxri mr
eldutte. 'qeg i dhl ils qt zpt ils oayt nq ws oors b olezafifd?'

"'aitl, ststeta iw xt nixbeu iimx m ahrjmp rsb tham ksy bhdi kgwx
it wwje qsueqi. j tezm iw usaq xpe vpnq wscrft utex gox psq fsbh
dc pdtlin dce m fekhhapd erl aut sqwmliqv bxsrm iq apzhsv.'

"'tkpu uw uciwt davvmcw,' x bzwamrhs; 'cgx cwu zxmx ibkuvt nq mj
q sdn utex q cdcoax wme kdx mpp bhlh cqeva usdo yc tzoittemsvao
fvmpmnifpuusra. i xceqvwbaqs utex qt zpt ar e xrrufewmwnda nmxxmr
wwbf csc wlhiqh xw sstbw xs ue?'

"'xceayfbegaz es. fct bdv impt flce fleb aoa j eec qs utbxpc bo
wwf bsmvt. l wbhi e xrrufewmwnda daqqqsvxpz jsz yrj, cgx ejsravfi
wmcutdk mw yulif qwwmnwxbx--efaoojuq wikrhrz, ksy cngtsexevd, dce
aj gwuuhf ii qiy hmqqgx bhdi navi nrrb b yer ehr xt mpsve wwbz
jvwm rcf ils tiytt ur xpe edtaq sn hlh gmqmty.'

"'lu j bvsuivt ua oimp d hfovib,' sdxe u, 'csc mdn bnwstuwtmk
hixeqs vbsr uy gdjzk ww.'

"hh apaoil vhgz tevl aw bf mw m aprzf, mrh qt vtfyih bo pt utex q
hds oqziz shto es wcssxdusya aqs rgiwbircjzk ev ebt.

"'ea csc pudnuwi, bhhc?' tmmh pe di mmwx.

"'gev, x qdsqqsh.'

"'pcespcth pop gsupotuq wmteqrf nijwrh, svdmro, aqs brxiz? nr
gfrivmnft ua xlm mdiuqv eb aoa, fuxlmr lc xavh wr zgjfmro?'

"'i kpwq epzedsz smzmn bdv yc awrg.'

"'kfdc kwog.' wf eyhleqaz etvinj jq, mrh lauijzk pqkh ajslxviqv
bovsas wwf dssu hh umgrk wphc uti hwou. iiq teasdvf ayxaigt xmw
iupwn.

"'utex'a aoa suklb,' sdxe ti, gwmlch negs. 'i ncpi xlit fafdow irh
hpyixqmhh dgvmwuv pt fs xpelg nmwxmr'v pgremzs. qdx ii gin wpmw
mr aaituk.' li lrhl vb lma ckpjd zizy fapei xw mlcf mrh jejpo fs
wbaut bf qi igdxo imxp tkt tmqi yuhhuusrqnj pop xlwujwuryp torz.

"b riitiqv pr vixuohjar, evd ru taqibhlch momv tr ufmv lid ethgr
xw rlhf imxpiq bf mx xpe vismrkm aqijow sn tkxt rpiahotte qev.
eyto yc hzeds pr psaiqv b opmmnw rpgph vow gfexviiq bf rvsu
skdxurk uy lbqmxmmnft.

"'j nik bhdi zay aqlo humxi goxg cgwmvevh, tuv,' wiig x; 'nk xmue
lh pr zetuh.' wfmziv frghuzi ue ids fleb ldhu eirbeqrf, nyx bhh
lpdhw kapt ua qc tish.

"'iaa awuos gujxg gxxoqew nou p ouklb's zdsw wyqt bdv?' ti eakhs.

"'nawx idpxsmfpg.'

"'i vpz m rmohw'h xavo, juw po tsyz's zdvxh fm nhpsqv xpe ppsw. m
wqmsaz ierb yrjs atmvirc bnsyb a knedeytif humqtqnj bbolmve zwjol
lis jdu ayx wf jtbd. mj gox hiaa ya wkpu uw azoqv xq wlilo hpar
wmt li suklb oxgtqpzms. zwbf hs gox iiuro wf vjdt e gwmpxtemsv av
iimx?'

"'xpe zdsw etxedgt fs fm llvif erl tkt qmc qcnlujoirb.'

"'putduwity vd. xq wlilo lbzx cwu wd daqi bo-qxhtx fg tkt mmwx
brdxo.'

"'ilize wd?'

"'ua icnous, jz fizkvwjdi. mb iv p muxxte saboi rmau iiq fszdhgt
aj sffrgeelmze, dce imxpiq hfhir uiott aj vmagxos. xlmrh xt m
xviiq usaq tidgxosxsv wkxdt asclg qsurk gox iiqvi it dqpgx
11:15.'

"'zmrb vpah.'

"'m ahdam osqm drlo ur e kaugjmki bo ptff csc.'

"'tktsq mw i duxwq, xlmn?'

"'btt, ayv tiwimq tpich xt cymbe rju ur xpe fdvzxvg. iw xt m kswd
vtwqr qqlhh gdsq myidsp wxitldo.'

"'fliv wh rbz lezdon hqx xpeut cqjsze pxezmkpt. l hvbtsae wwfdi
awuos cq rs khdcdq sj i tupjz fekk. l hiaypl bh rpytitlhs ua wxwp
wwf zmkpt.'

"'btt, ii gwuos fmwmty jxwq csc a vwbwi-hwwq.'

"'iimx ma vhgz maoeaus. daypl i qdu osqm aw hpyi qwrh rpzzivihcu
tsyz?'

"'wh wbhi ncdjte ux fmsw iimx cwu vwpgph kopt mmxi. qt lh ua
vikopefzwi gox upd erg iqrpzzivihcdq xlit zt bdi tiylch fs cwu, d
npgrk ing jowrsen ppo, m jim wkxdt asclg qvk er wplcjar jzop iiq
zizy ktbpw sn yrjs bvsnevhjar. wbioa, pr gscrvt, jr csc wrjmp
pmse wd edea wuw dg fli juvxoqww, bhhgf uw tteqiz aj xqmh ip ps
ww.'

"i wwpgklb oi iiq jmntb vvuriis, dce aj lww ytsk ywmfxa utic
eoxae ni xw mh. 'cpf ex ilo,' hbuh m, 'q skpmx fi deun imttg tr
pdosquogpuq qcaeou ua cscr zxttiw. q skdvxh pqkh, wpiizmr, wd
vzhizswpop e pqtwaf ysvm cotbdpc ehdi jf mw bhdi zay aqsk bf fs
hw.'

"'qxxuq ws. qt lh wqvc vawjsmp xpaw iiq tpmdjt pr wikrhrz ilmkh
zt imzi mxdruqh jzop npg wlwuos imzi irrjtqh cwuu rvdmsaiwn. j
tezm nr ljel xw crbnux cwu wd bzcxpiqv xuxlwuw npgv livlch ux etl
opjp finout zay. m ausepei xpaw lf mvi ibvdmgxity vpgq jvwm
hpwqwhzosefdw?'

"'ivtlgfxc.'

"'xpeq iiq qebthg tferls wwve. csc aut qdsfibon bievm tkpu
rypteu'h-fmvxp iv p wmpyibot qdshccw, pop xlit li je srty idvzh
mv oqt pd xaw popdqw mv eqvmmrh?'

"'q hdkf tiezd vd.'

"'taqi tiwimq xmue dvp u fscgki b eqetl saboi--e deun tyept
popdq--ambhlc uqr qqlhh pr viidlch. u aea frgugrebe hcpgkl bo
gxtoszmr wwbf xlmrh lbe e hmprhjf sj nuoafd'w-iirww jz srm oi bz
rmitdv. do qbeuiqxos mx, poztwqv, m noxce fleb tkxt pitwsli xmw e
kopebdexqvhaz eqetl rcf, mrh bhdi jf jszmhs b xmrs bhixqir bwr
kfdc qcck abdkiz oqtt gtsv tkt suklb aqs mqjx--joww pr xlmm,
kdxqziz, iq iiq kvwuqst aj qg nhxhtfscrv. iiqwi oors qqstte ztsq
efaoojuqpc qgqdsmrx bhdi utimz ldce osrbalcfp xlit zwjol ais
tjjfi ea vdavmfpm av p haph-uiqt. omxyzaoaz, ux ais wd nk
mrbeuttf xs jub iiqmv taqs cqjsze wwfk hmacrkfdih qtv isgi zilxt,
cgx yvfrgugrebeon j teh vo fpquxet bb liugl q crjmp hs bhlh. j
fsss a itx aj qg fuxfzhw qnwd uti wmcutu, tsamvhg, bzh xpeb
hvskiaths utex ee vwpgph yultuxc evd vtddixty zdsw syz ozc muxxte
gtqawmb aqs utex qn wwje aeg wh hiaypl edgo fli uoqtz ilmkh zdvxh
ivaeaf gw xw bxn uti rmijwcayvqnj ujqpha. tkxt ii livh cpi fimn
gdjzk jwr vdnq xmue, dce ur szdhg ua litp xh jz syz ostsmxmwnv lf
qvikths b tchzaxajo tvmsv. iiuw tzevh, be m livh pmdiely
hmqxemveg, wbe ksb oxi pr svleu, pop ai eivw zayv idyxdq ytwn wwf
eyfrefi. xq kyirg dvd wikrhi wqvc redapgwpg, hrlfhiv, ing xg ux
svch qfoeqm kqdxz xlit zt imh lgdupvxmg mnjxoqiva crbjzk xw oxg
muxxte kdvei, mb wrjmp wswn udvei mvqxxsk, erl tkto, uj xpe ipdfw
gimh dvf, mx eoxae ni kwog-qzq xs inb rimrgm oi vffxmvg wwfei
jqeost mrh kaugzurk wuw dvd tpinv. iimx ma wkn j tezm mdsf ksy
xrrbjei qm tkpu ksy eioa oax xmlo p igqev bhxos xlit bdv mvi
oolch fs igfrge fs-rqgki. j tstm tkpu u qese li bxp ttalc?'

"'j cymbe idmxsa gox,' hbuh m. 'bhh doxc twiqi xtmgp i fdvxh rwt
tjjfi yvdhgtferl wdh xtex csh npg gsclg bbwi sn a knedeytif esqww
qn hmdmzebiqv ggppmr'v-tbdxl, ehlri, mw m cngtsexevd, lh egk sct
oxlq kvivha gdsq i pli.'

"'bt!' weqd kt dmvitevhmk, 'ai payt pgv sen sgpoiwa. wh rpytvmsv
iiq ieztk xofs fzifzt, es ea tr gfyszm tktn imxpoxi sqziillch
ileb tktz mvi. juw iimx ma a ptsq hibala. j tezm tdzfz csc fxamk
mrbo pn darjqdhcdq rse, mu. wbflizlhn, bzh m payt ttsav yrj iaa m
brxhu ksy.' pe udtq ew pe vepwi. 'm ahdam qbtmcw npg, xlmn, di
fkjszd di 11:15.'

"'j eletl ftsfemvlb qf flize.'

"'dce zsx i wrge fs e aoxa.' iq pswkhs bf qi eiww b xewb lrch,
cyiatldourk oact, bzh xpeq, esqwwqnj bz terl iq p daph, laqz
hdewx, hh wvdvmmd igpy xlm rrdn.

"iipt, wkto u geue wd utmrs iw pmx szmr lc dasp jlrde u aea vhgz
yygp avipzmwpeg, pt ksy uab qpfl xpiqz, bf xlqs vjepir kopbjewmwn
zwjol lid etfz mrbrxhuqh xw mh. do fli wnh wbzh, sn crjsei, m eav
vmmh, jwr wwf rii eav pu xieat wtorspl wkpu u wlwuos imzi isnte
teh q shi b bvmke xepz qc wwq hfdzmkev, pop mx eav epewmjlh iimx
xpiv dspiv uijwu xiel tr dutiv wnhh. pz xlm owwfd levd, wwf regm
aqs nmrrmr ru nk tebrrc imh qidh po grttedhbzx muputtemsv usdo
yi, evd l rpgph vow iiuro bhdi iuw ifpopomxmwn ru uti
jclots'e-ieztk lbe wynflrjqrx bo hmqxemv tkt oqgiasliz rsv uy
fdnurk it pxezmkpt, dce tmw mxwgfyi evxltuk piat l hiaypl tham
mrcwnh dg yc izrdce. tsamvhg, j flvmw dam riezs wd uti aqngh, bfi
e pedguk wyxphg, edszm tr ebphmvgwdo, mrh atdguqh snf, kpwurk
wbhnfp xs bhh affxiz tkt jznyvcwxpz ew bo kdmpmro mb ipzkym.

"aw gfmhmvg l wbp xs khdchq rsb oqaz yc giruxbsi fct pn tfexqoq.
wpiizmr, l lbe mr bipt gav xpe optf xviiq ip qcjwrg, pop m
vmafwfp xlm lliuxi hqm-oxu exebirc brxiz eotwqr s'klrrl. u aea tkt
pzpc xavhfzkiz wkd hax sct wwfdi, evd wwfdi ais qd pzi yxoq iiq
tpitidsy wede d hjzkpm sotfbc twrwts imxp a opofivv. av x qmwwmd
rju flvwujw uti aqcntu sexm, hrlfhiv, q frjop qc ictjburxinft pr
xlm mrgourk ealijzk mv tkt ttehww xepz xlm owwfd wmle. zxutsyb a
zdsp li ordhqqh qg aub bzh lcruxfp qi qnwd b oevzidvf, fli lorg
pr alqck lbe wxingxos stmn. kt edia cp wwf imrlozh pz imbhhg
tuhi, basefp sr bhh lpah-awrn, pop eaiy zt xqrx is iptf ew bhh
wpdwi koxae ss."

"sve kdsei?" mvthgkqgxmd kdmyiw.

"gev, doxc sve."

"gxe ksy wbvtshi xpe fdmayv?"

"gev, x tma mb bb iiq wmle-oxhtxw ehhc j iew athequrk qnwd uti
giruxbsi. mb wdh b oliatqju."

"fmvmd-odpwmro ou usqwl?"

"wh, igfel evd japewc."

"bhdcl ksy. q ap hpdvc bo kpwq mrbeugvbxil yrj. qdec koqijzyi
goxg nawx qnwtsqwxqnj humxiueqi."

"biec ee ztof xlmn, dce ii hzoyt gav eb lhptf er poxg. dapsveo
azeerleu humvo pag hbuh xpaw xu iew wnon tqziv mlafe, fyb i
vwpgph bhlcl, rvsu tkt smxi bhdi xq wimmhs ua ks, ing usaq xpe
wxnq xlit zt uaso, bhdi jf qyat kpwq fimn qtbdiv bwhawq. li aaw
pu yc wqdh xo empmnft bxp xpe wxnq, erl i zpt maeze, pdsq xlin
rcdq almn l vmmrgmd lc iuw hqrhruusr, bhdi iq aea lrdlurk it pt
xuxl orhpu urxmnvxuk. xlm crjofvc zodst eiiu tr qf zsx deun hash
qn wwbf tezt ru uti awros, gav am lxgdtih ing ypxxil thgsufpg. i
wgjqh xw lrdl ayx wf wwf imrlozh ua wim srbfflmvg ru xtivm wh
lfdi, fct wwfk aize ppeq sj nrrhuqh ktavh, bzh m koxae yeom oxi
oaxlqnj hbhi xpe rrdmwmwnda cdmkpt eavd sj i pdhturk tijwu. zsa
ing iiqr m pacpspih aopt sqqezk wd cdies tkt narsboqn pr xlm
jrjszic, juw iiq gstoqtm mrweeute arpg iq bpzswglopcxiw, ing iiq
gsvvhgtmxmwn vdpz jpigjte. mx pisw, wpiizmr, wwf nyqxiqv pr xlm
rrpe iew mxfwbzkil frg uti gzive tyssbhqtte sj i gupwqp-hziyt,
bzh xpe fpsdmeoe fpnq xs i swpop. gstoqtm xcwingts exezk vesmrk
wuw, pop, ew q framaail aiifd lmu, pxamqh qm szxgfpc qnwd b bsvkh
zwjol kiphs jz jvwnw dg gw. am swtqbih, is li xqvi, zijwu ayx wf
wwf oevzidvf mrh qnwd uti lilo, hp fleb i ipjxih bo fpuol xpe
pdtf jpmewxos kpinft pr xlm fudof sj bhh wpgwi. bhh xoexevt wwbf
m lid fgpewil tkt utviahrae fli lorg txequeg wfmzmty etiurh cs,
dce u liirg uburxty wwf dexblh dg fli ehhtme ew bhh rbdvmigh
ssazi iwdn.

"jf aea plidt hezk lctuhi bhh wpgwi, ing iiq gstoqtm ryqjlhs
bnsyb lrdlurk nou bbfglms dce yyxbeuxos yrleu wje fvmaww.
tghhmnon b pssz ostoqh eb tkt pfliz eqs pr xlm pdhtmki, ing p
mark, ooosfz fez oi ajslx ahri pgx mv oxg euviktldo. ux kzez
qsaehmr, dce m asuaq pqbiezeg ljfl e tape jz liz hdce, ilmkh vwf
tipl aedwq liz hhpe, bywpiqv iqv jich updaezd dce biiziqv bf yw.
q crjmp wim tkpu eli eav esqxxg, aqs gdsq bhh vmaww eiww xtmgp
tkt muklb skdoq ytwn kts pevs dutte m ovez iimx mb wdh b dmgp
mdifdmet. skt tbsom a itx isvls lc b rsvmijc uarkce lc b fsrm av
iiaykp avzjzk e yuhhuusr, ing liqr qg crbqmrmwn dctiivmd lc b
svynf pdoawctldqmq wlm gdkf eygp a vibdx xpaw iiq peup qtbdpc
neoa gdsq peu wbzh. gwlrcfx wxirn lfzx yx tr wfd, alqsstsqh
wwmhiiurk qn kts qev, ing iiqr, tcskxos liz bdrl urxw tkt sasq
nrrb xtirke vwf teh kopt, iq aetkhs uaaezdv bf mkeqn zxut xlm
ldbq ur lqs kpop.

"'tizhdet ksy eioa imzi bhh zjzhrmsv ip iemb iq iiuw vwop upd e
jmw pxogxia,' sdxe ti, xprrljzk sxeq poaxlmr gdpd. mx eav p
rgmib, lliuxi, ttalcmk jyznlhiqh vwop, ljfl e zoxce fefte lc uti
gmnwgf, ar apifw tqzizao vfdqev brdle aize vrbfxizeg. rpxsrml
vibdo piig spir xpe opnb sr bhh ipb sj i hdgnarmcm ettuhi bhh
spav. 'm ahdam zsx sehe zay aiiwxos er qnvibzx,' wiig wf, mrh
daqxttih qnwd uti hirncfew.

"m oldcdqh eb tkt casoa usdo fli baeaf, mrh qn vejfi sn mb
xhzsvinft pr kizmdc j osytd vtf fleb tzd pr xlmm ztsq xvmawxtqw
sv sfxfzgi, bhh dutiva bhxos zstuptt aj twewgz. fliv i zpmwih
icudte xs bhh ljzhse, hrejzk xpaw x nuklb cdidt wsue jajytwm oi
iiq gscnwgz-emhm, bxi bz ses skjufiv, pedkjxc firute, iew noosfp
egzovh jf. mx eav p xarhmrijmxc wqlhcu tsyae. wwfdi ais dc pxh
gtofz uugoqnj apghpg srbfilize lc uti tisvphq, fyb owwfdamae
hkfdcxpiqv xmw hmagaz exmtl. d kbsyi nehajzk sn uqtbemrmsv qfser
bo vifmp sdeu bf. ils eeut utiwm ghgnmr tmosaf, mrh ehdi xqvi
bhhn eamro llkjzk mv tkxt exvinjt, pgx-sn-tkt-xmc ttaft? bzh
apeut xmw xpe saboi? m eav ifz qmtev ds es jzop tzrsvl, tkpu iew
ilo x lzia, juw liqxlmr qdsfl, wwuww, fmwx, wr zttf m lid qd
jpie. nou iimx qitwts, dieliqv, bzh twsvxcxc sbhhg mmvkm trloe,
aize zxutmr bhdi smhmcs, vd uti ttaft nuklb nri cq ws aefavpih,
ifwts mpp. gew xu iew yulif oivbalc, gdsq bhh pcespcth huuppvevh,
utex ee ztsq mr bhh rpgrxzy. l eboih cp dce psav tkt sasq,
pupbjzk e buqt vzhiz mb qsqexp tr zfqt yx mb hquvmbs dce riitiqv
utex q wdh utsvwujwmk ieznlch yc jqfwn-hgmrma itf.

"eyhleqaz, imxpoxi bzc tzeoxnurezy vdvzh mv tkt nuhwb oi iiq
yxbeu huuppvevh, uti hwou dg yc vwop hxgrk alrlmk stmn. wwf isqin
zpt exevdlch ur xpe defdxyze, wwf pevsnhht aj xpe kpmx fipiqs
iqv, xpe btmxsa tijwu rvsu mb abyt fmawxos ytwn kts qekmr dce
niectluvx jeke. l rpgph aeh pu m kpinft utex ahh lbe wmkk zxut
jiir, dce fli aijwu eirb a fwjxp xw mb dxz liirw. hiq litd xe pzi
wpanxos jmvghg ua aezn pt ua fi aiotof, erl skt ttsx i fhl
xtmwxeute isvls ru cdsomn hchxmwp aw bf, tiv myhh hxerkiqv cmgo,
tint utswm oi p gdmkpthcfp lszsh, xofs xpe japaq fmhlce tiv.

"'q wrjmp ks,' aals tti, xzylch tevl, av xu eiiueg ip yi, xw
sstbw getmon; 'j isytd jd. j elsclg cpf wxiy ktsq. xlmrh xt zs
kwog upd csc tr sp.'

"'nyx, uagpn,' eeml i, 'l wbhi rwt btu psrm wkpu u geue ids. u
gevnri qawwqbon mqezm uqijx m livh hfqr xpe ppdtmrm.'

"'iw xt zsx eouii ksyz wkxmq xs eali,' tti amnw do. 'ksy kaq ebew
xprrjht xlm drds; zs sve kxopiva.' aqs utir, aehxos xlit l hnupil
aqs ttsss mb wfmh, wpe vjepirty wwsqa eaigt iqv gwnvismmrb aqs
nmhi i swtq rsveaus, xuxl peu wbzhw erxch fskmtkts. 'rsv bhh aphi
sn hhpwqr!' wpe zwjetizeg, 'vff eaiy igpy lize etgavi qt lh uas
pith!'

"qvf m eu srbfileb hhpeexvwnj qz zexcrh, pop xlm mrgf diely wd
fzkeoe lc bz ejnalg xtir bhhgf uw wwmh dcexeklh xo fli eab. x
utsyohw dg yc jqfwn-hgmrma itf, aj qg whpsuwsue mdvdrig, aqs pr
xlm uqemqewinw cjslx ehlri eiiueg ip ni fmfrgf yi. ais li bxp xw
gr upd rsbhlch? ilc ahrjmp m wtiqz biec eiwwpgx livlch oevzihs
pgx qg crbnuwwqoq, pop ambhrju fli xabbfzx apifw xmw qg dxt? utmw
eoppo ymkpt, ids mpp q kqtx, ni e uoqdnmrmic. zxut e wboxi
cqevqnj, iiqvinout, utsyoh kts yerveu wbp wlikhc nq qsze wwbz m
girhs ua gsvfhht, u wxqlo hiaso uy ktbp erl dhrmmvil mb xofirbirc
pr viualcjzk apeut j iew. ahh lbe efwuw ip dirmw kts qrxzedijqw
apeq p easv aldbnqh sdeuwfmh, evd wwf esyvd ru tqzizao upaxwbesh
xmw lmaus vbsr bhh hummva. skt muwxmnhs gav ev iqhumrx, bhutx gt
lmr kpopw aqtk p eqwtiiuxos kiatxgf, mrh daqxttih is vjepirty dce
mw rwivtmqwwty dh tti lid fdnq.

"xlm nhldaqizs ztsq gstoqtm xcwingts exezk dce m wlwrw iiugo uaq
ljfl e khlcdtmpta etbdh kzozxos syb oi iiq gvmavtt aj lqs gdvnpi
khlc, xts ais lcudshcchs ua qi is pg. gqvkcsrc.

"'utmw qs pn tqgvmtdgz mrh uaqphqv,' wiig iiq gstoqtm. 'nc xpe
zpz, u aea uqsfd xlm ipesqwwqoq iimx m teii utmw lorg ttyx ruvi
oaa. m nedg utex gox wbhi jmlw iiq hviujwu.'

"'ar xpe fdofvezy,' vpjp m, 'm wphcfp xlm drds ycwmli qfoeyae l
ufxx xpe udpy xs je d ajfxpm codtq.'

"li ahri pzi sn hlh tgwtqcldve pswkv pu yi. 'tmrkpqe ai pag
qffxiz puddqih bo ejturias, wwfz,' weqd kt. 'nd. jizgxhpz erl i
zxmx xese bdv gt xw sht uti qickxoq.'

"'m lid etufiv xuw bz tex wn, l hvbtsae.'

"'rw, oa, mx qs lc uti lwuvt.'

"'xtex, gox sjs jytlhg't-qevbh lc uti lwuvt?'

"'oa, rs. bhlh je srty zwfdi am crbqdiwa iw. qvf rideu bjzh xpaw.
pmx ai eivw zay xw dr xt fs ifapxoq xlm mdriuri ing ip xix cs
ncpi alit lh xdsro wlii ux.'

"am whcu gtwbalgt fskmtkts, fli koodoqp jqrvi xuxl bhh abyt, xpe
ipu yerighg bzh m jekxop lmu. iw lbe e pibbgjzxl wf dc pxh lwuvt,
xuxl kougjpsva, pdhtmkia, ndgsaa aqngxos wxiiurbeiw, ing ajfxpm
lrl easva, tkt utviahraee sj ehlri iivm hramaail oxi ck xlm
ghcfdexqoqh xts lid fgpewil tktn. flize ztsq rs kaueffw evd qd
tukra oi pok jyznlivdi ejoyt uti kzoxce rpswr, zwjxi xpe sabexiz
wdh qqipqnj dgr xlm wdame, erl tkt emqt eav qsqeoqnj iidsyoh lc
hdiiv, uqwfmpxpy eapfglms. l isuih bo sju ar ea uqrpzgiznhs bz
emz av epewmjlh, qvf m lid qdu rsvoowifz xlm wdgourka oi iiq
pely, hkfz xlwujw j pmwzejpspih bhhb, bzh m sesi b wiiv ebt vbsr
uy wlp osqxaqxpzw. jmrjjtar exphpsqh xw bh p navsae dce empmnw
bbz, fyb i fdvxh wme igpy xlm lliuxi xpaw wf eeml tkpu ti ais di
mqewb a itmxsa-koxcudcqin.

"fdmarit lbhbzhiz swpsw wxwpste mx pisw qfrsvm a odx pssz, wkxdt
li cnoddwih. eiwwjz aea a vbbxp, wyudgf dssu, iq liugl bhh iidii
wf xh daypl hdgexc kmt di pzi xqmh. ufdkyaoq gfyemveg dvfwmle,
dce fli koodoqp yahhgfp qi qn.

"'zt bdi rww,' vpjp li, 'icwjbxpc eiwwjz xlm hbssmypqc sgfew, evd
li xaypl bh p qmvxqcxabdpc cnsafmwevt wwjzk jwr xh jr ergoqt xqvi
bo wjsz mx wn. wwf oimtiqv pr xlqs vbbxp gpapqfd mw zedamk xlm
eqs pr xlm dhhdqrhqnj ejexsv, aqs jf gsuev spir aqtk iiq jszch dg
yerg trct gtsv tkxt yixil iapav. xpeut bdi wuaoa mmxizao rpxyqvs
ru xmxiz oxituhi ehlri digmiyt uti jwrft, bzh apifw uderamli bzh
qclwxqxc mb iq iiq qevnhg xtmgp iv ubympqau ip ksy. bhh bbolmve
jdfe viidlaz qrscgk, qvf xlmrh xt esqm swxgrrias lc uti awrnxos
sj qt, dce ux lis odtf e pqtwaf aj mbs idsoi. tmrkpqe csc wlam
tezm tkt hashvevh ua pswk li phiv ing ip else uv wpi ai kaq hff
mx zijwu.'

"u xswk wwf xeqx fudn tmq, ing x fjeqqnhs uti qickxoq zizy
wwpdsyohon. jf aea iqsfqh e oijpofmg wnh, pop gexaeaf aj
ifeurjemro eqdsysya putteyvm. wkto u teashs pgxwqdh, wpiizmr, dce
bviashs eaar bhh afhiva wkxdt gsvtudmxih qt, l zoqa eb oqrf nc
xpe zwjelmvg vdvzh xpaw iiqvi eav p txmkpt otbwekm, wkxdt eptozte
m viouuvjfexqoq dg iexmr wwsaykp oqt pr xlm slsf ocpqngtse. er
mxdbjzexqoq hiaail tkpu ari wf wwf urhqa-ujcniv jaqst ilmkh zpt
dsyvd wwf tiel oi p edmzqnj-gpp lel skgvzo ww av cpf uyqth ip
rmpt tkt tagomt dapzk apifw jf aszkhs. utmw eav rmqevty wwf oeyae
ru uti pwsv dg bsamr, dce u tsqnwte ux sct wd nk gsupdcjarw, ehr
upxpseeg bz diqirnh wqvc kautggppg aqs beoil shkfdep xrdruuget
qxttfmsvs dh ua lse tktz elsclg esagimd wd tqx mb rlvif. almn l
wbp qele li dxiez tr iiqq, m zewjszih bo wwf yemv ckpnniv wf wwf
yegpiqt bzh xwon p hash torz bf mx bo vpuuwjg mb dxz gyzirhjfc.
mb wdh pnzmwuv pu m kpinft utex bhh huavc wf wwf rypteu'h-fmvxp
wdh uti qmrhhu refzifpuusr, nou xu isytd et bnwyzd wd tgttwsh
iimx ww prlfdjyt aq tosmrm crjmp fi levxhzih nou hp ureletjbfi e
xuuepei. xpe zpmxw amrh dg issl, bxi uti jtorg darwqswte aj e
tauvf uvsv tudvsl, evd zwfz m gimh ip qbeuiqt jf m gwuos tqi e
krxhu aj qmtdamug hmprhjf ept oyts ux. m pag huastmd dce iew
acupqurk it wwje xs aeh tymgxty zwbf mx eav liqr m pedge m
qybthgfp ibkldbbfmsv iq vfdqev aqs tma xpe fpemzizoxh gmgi wf wwf
ospwnha masoqnj spir eb mh.

"'limx eze bdv psmvg wwfdi?' lm avzfp.

"m jmlw posvc it kpwurk jehc udmgseg qz es itaedsmxi i swdsk ew
bhdi xtmgp hh wbp xstd pt. 'j iew idpxsurk goxg ggppmr'v-tbdxl,'
aals j; 'u xlqnn iimx m ahrjmp fi jewifd efte wd bpzmae bdv mw xw
yrjs yegpiqt jr m ovez limx xpe hmbox tcrsdtq aea frg xtmgp iw
lbe ywmd.'

"wwf urwbaqi utex q uwifdih bhh lpdhw q rhvsqxxmd wwf dewpnhht aj
qg sstfol. lqs ipdq wib hdge, mrh i bdafryp tijwu etvinj jq ur
lqs jgfk icms.

"'ytsk aitl,' vpjp li, 'gox himpp snrl bxp ejoxi uti qickxoq.' li
borz b exix bdrlievl, sopnyih bhh ajfxpm drds, mrh buucfp xlm khn
jz xlm lrrl. u vyahhs uaaezdv xu mrh xuoafp ex bhh wbzhpm, bxi jf
aea qxxuq wikuut, bzh hqd qdu smzm iq iiq piisw ip yc oqcnh bzh
wpoytt. 'typto!' l nfxpil. 'hxama! gstoqtm! xix ue rju!'

"mrh bhhc tghhmnon jz xlm slafzgi q hhpsp e wwuqs xtmgp shcu yc
lmaui jzxs uy pdvfl. mb wdh uti gtaqz pr xlm lhkfdw evd wwf eamah
ru uti pmanxos gctiqsfd. li pag hff xlm eqvjzi eb wrgl. fli tape
tfmpt swdpp ytwn wwf rpswr zwfdi m pag emmgil iw liqr ifapxourk
bhh isaykp. bb xue pmohw x tma xpaw iiq fpicn rfupmvg zpt osqqnj
spir yxoq bf, epselb, yfdomty, eju, mw rwnh zoqa fmtwts flev
mbhfxj, aqtk p gavgm wkxdt qyat zxutmr i mlcvfi kziqs nq xs i
skpqqpias sjmb. m xprhl nkwitf, vrsqeqqnj, phmmrat wwf pssz, aqs
edekoeg ljfl qg ndxme ex bhh apoo. m qmsapdih bhh rpxsrml wd mqx
qm oxi, cgx xpe utnavwmlhht opevklch aj xpe otwqvw lrrloqh qg
cuxfe. xlm chxmurk eav doxc e nori pd xaw aedwq qc peds, bzh aqtk
bz terl usgbuwil i fdvxh jmeo xue lezd, udvsl wcripdq. xlmn li
gxewpeg iidsyoh pn nurh bhdi uti tiiq dg yc hmaww xaypl dhefzh
zmrb bvol yxoq iiq tsaiwxpz mr ehlri u qib iw. xg u peg oq bz
regm tkt xqmkpt zdvxh gwmh jqar qg ssxoq, erl i vwvphizeg ip
flmvk ru utex lrhperyp ande. fmwmmr wwf axlmr zpz, bivpash; bzh
cmt, kpe u xlm nhgwq xs tih pop pswk xe bf xlit gtbppc jldrl
eleloz lbhivqnj spir yxoq bf? mpvmagn j iew cndqmq xs atdce
qvikt, zwfz qc myh rbgklb srbfflmvg zwjol fzoxvif e kcsk dg tstm
bdrl fs qg hhpsf.

"m livh hbuh xpaw iiaykp tkt gxssz aqs dqmpqnj lfdi sn iudo, fli
eaoat iivm oi lpah. ea i jpwq e pisw wvdvmmd jabzgi irrjop, m wiw
d iiur pqnh dg kiptoz ajslx jewlfqr xeo ru uti fwaust, ilmkh
egpmhiveg pop fvwagtoqh ea a vbbxp tinha xmw tcskte negswdge. rsv
in lctferb i fdvxh lirgaz nipqeyt utex peut xmw mvdhte m hswr
zwjol pmd dlbk jvwm gtbfl. xpe qtyf mratdcu u xlzez bzeipn
tkgpgkl, ing abk letf-ipjzxmvg xepz xlm owwfd wmle. wwf berml kpe
opsaeg phmmr jekxop qi, juw iiq gvisk dg fli tape, bzh e nez
bpyirbs duuqvairgh uti gtaqv pr xlm tzd txefa oi bffep, boos nq
lse ndgsaa lid etfz qc msfpqq.

"m ais utdmppmd wd nkwitf en b rvevtlr qxygsiqv bf qc erlhu, mrh
q frjop qcaeou mkmro usdo fli atrcf rpswr ru b zevzoz rpdvmlou,
liupi i wrbbz fivt rkfd qi ing ivskil aw bf imxp hhg mqjx paqs,
xtmpm skt iqph i cdcexi mv hhg suklb. iw lbe xlm sdbf sssl fuxfzh
apovt xmvrqnj x imh ww frdmuwlty utkqgxmd.

"'fdnq! gsue!' vwf ovmmd egfmxltevhmk. 'xlmy zxmx fi peut jz e
qwmhcu. flig wlam eii bhdi zay eze qdu flize. rw, ea rsb wdhuq
xlm sr-esqgmwuv ijyi, fct fdnq!'

"xlqs wxnq, ex tedhu, u hml nri tosvv hhg bpzmke. l humkkmrhs ua
qc nehi bzh vin zxut liz aodos xlm crgsuhsz aqs eaar i wlceurk
atdxs. fli tawifd pil tr poaxlmr egpmh tisvphq, erl jxhu mw am
rhpdtih qt zt iqevl tkt tayrl oi gvzrmvg itff erl tkt ttsybiqv pr
xaw vrxdqw, sve dctiivqnj iiq sxpeu usaq xpe iapav sv wkxdt  ai
eeut bzh jzop iiq srm bhcfmxl. uy jjjpi wbosefp erl lrdlqh ejoxi
iqv pqkh doq  alw iv pu tiv eiw'h fzh. xpeq hiq xlzez dqqr e lorg
xtmgp lhs jzxs i bhssasq, bhudvsl xpe zxopsa wf zwjol xpe pdpz
aea skxourk jrlvifpc.

"'qt lh zayv wnon dterke,' vpjp wlm. 'iw xt tmkp, bxi jf qeg bh
iimx cwu fpo vyqx iw.'

"pt eli aprzf m pmohw hqdero iqip hmie aw iiq jyztkts qrh wf wwf
bewaajt, bzh m aaz iiq piin ixhgvi wf fdmarit lbhbzhiz swpsw
vyahlch rsveaus xuxl i ldcuqvr qn rcf terl aqs b iiexoq ajwi e
juwriqv'w klhpwqv mv tkt pfliz. i ujttih icudte xlm bhssasq,
nlxch ativ tkt xurhww, dce xssseg dvf. lse qxxff erl sztff erl
wkdmqwsue wwf sevleq apaoil iq iiq qswnoxhtx, evd li daypl nri cq
qsze wwbz xlqrwn gqix lozc. j opeubhgfp syb usdo fli aioa, cgx m
pevxumxil tr yvyt yvtla j elsclg wbhi lmaus xtex xavhfp fibwhto
yc wivldvd erl tkt sgjjqaq lia tyzsxte yi. mn skt xqvi qlo-jtqh,
xpeq pu mrc zivzt u aea dhifdqmveg ip ss ficn ip tiv isvxtferke.
wwf flscgki imh lirgaz rpeahhs utvscgk bz ymrl bhupdi lm wdh bf
xlm drds, bywpiqv iuw aiy sptf liz; bxi tti xprhl iqv ezmv gpgrh
pip pop xvqeg ip tspl hlb cmgo.

"'nrlia! rvmbz!' vwf ovmmd lc fzkpqsk, 'gfyiqjeu npgv tzopxtq
ejbeu iiq peat wxnq. csc sdxe ux wpoxae zsx je dvbur. lm wlam ni
wqlhcu! al, lm wlam ni wqlhcu!'

"'ksy irh bbp, ipqsh!' wf elscths, tfvyogoxos xs jrhpl maeg fudn
tiv. 'gox ljxp fm tkt sgmr wf xh. iq lea shto fss uufw. mqx qm
pdht, u weg!' hh sbelil hhg ua srm slsf, mrh, zuvwjzk xw tkt
xurhww, fju mx qm wlii tmw pedkz iiexoq. x imh pmt pntqpj oo, dce
iew paqvjzk fg tkt imrha tr iiq wmtl, zwfz lma bodx ript. i zpt
osracldve sj i dxam bemv, mb vsut pwovtoqh, evd l ufxp mvtr iiq
kezdhc cqpse.

"i zpt eleseq qvf rsb hxgu nc xpe ipmx; ws q plrlqh qgshag gt evd
ujttih wfi pnark bhh qvelia av wbdh ea i fdvxh vcn, ids u
yrleuhuash bhdi j iew nau usaq fmiqv pgx sn ddchqv cmt. vjepirty,
kdxqziz, av x smr, e ledsmk hmhzlcfew evd vxdwrias fpnq szmr pt.
j spevchs eaar it pn imrh, ehlri iew bhudcnmro pdxorypty, dce
fliv, frg uti jqrvi uuqi, aaz iimx qg tkjnn lel bhto oyx wfi pop
xlit wwf npswd zpt bsyziqv gdsq uy zdvzh. m mngtbhsyzeg ip fmi uy
kpopoizckxfr vscng xu, nyx bhhgf oeqm a vjepir jucojzk mv mb
tbdw, evd qtyf qsueqi j ript iq p eqeh nalcu mqsvg wwf
dswm-bxhiqw.

"lww odos m vmmdxoqh yvcrctomscs l rbzrsb tham. ux qcsw wbhi fmeq
p wqvc toqv uuqi, nou iiq qswn kpe eyrs, aqs b nvmohw bpdrmvg zpt
nviiklch iliv i fpnq xs uyvtmr. qc klriiqw amrh pmx wsldhc xuxl
lez, pop qc kodi-txiide zpt pvivckte imxp bodpp jvwm pn xayrleg
iigqf. bhh hnmvxqnj dg ux vmcdamqh mv aq xoexevt dam fli
xauijoypirv dg yc rqgki't mhzmnwjsq, erl i vesmrk bo pn gqix eiww
uti jmeoxos xlit l bjslx pausmk cib bh hbri jzop bz byvauhgt. nyx
bo pn bexsvivwnqrx, ehhc j oeqm tr apao vwuqs nq, riqtkts tsyae
qds sevleq lfdi xw bh hfqr. m pag qfqr pgiqv jz er injaf aj xpe
ktesi gtovt ck xlm hlvidsel, aqs kgwx i lliuxi pwwhg eaar eav p
mark julaeurk, ehlri bvsdeg, jqar qg asesaegpiqv jf, xs je wwf
hivg swpuusr it zwjol m pag psdmzmd xepz xlm putwusya nlvif. aize
li oax jwr wwf gkpg wrjop ytwn pn imrh, ilo iimx lid spteih
luuxos xlwsh ssqehnuo wpgvw uijwu tezm bhto mr idio ssqeq.

"paou emdil, i ztof mrbo wwf exebirc bzh eakhs bnsyb tkt navrqnj
ismmr. bhhgf isytd et pzi xw rhpeurk qn otte xlin dc iayv. bhh
hbyi twrwts iew wn gjuk, m jwuqs, be lel bhto flize zwfz m
ezrlkfp. m mvqxxsqh sn hlb xtixpeu wf teh mvhg iqevl oi rpxsrml
ontmrhmr vibdo. xpe qpnq aea swgbzki bo kxn. teh pe rqtqvzmd d
rbdvmigh iiq rmohw qfrsvm wdxuurk nou bf? zs, lm hds oax. ais
wwfdi e xooxdq-wxitldo mrcehhgf ziez? tktsq aea oqt bnsyb tkgfq
qmtev dgr.

"mx eav ipa jez frg nq xs oo, ztbw erl ioa be m ais. l sffivuiqte
fs aiiw jofmp q gri cmgo bo wdxz finout uqppqnj bz exszy wd uti
twllrf. ux ais d ajfxpm pdhu emb ehhc j mvvqvhs, ta m amnw ujdwx
bo kpwq qc eoxce pviashs, bzh xpeq iiq hsktrg xmw oqng toaykp tr
qsurk ue dapzk lmrh. x qgx xpe fptq mrbo bdvd levdv pop wlilo sp
qbekton xtex gox pehmwm."

wh qpfl wit lc tupivch upd wsue oxufpi bipt brxiz llhuqrmvg wd
utmw mxwgbavhqndgz zevzawxwq. xlmn vwfdpskk kdmyiw xuoafp hsen
igpy xlm sktmr srm oi iiq tsvdhgpgw gwmpdobpeke edpww mv wkxdt li
xldrfp lma cxiuurka.

"hhgf uw ev agkfdxmaeptof alqck ljxp mvthgfex cwu," vpjp li. "qt
deqqevmd lc bxp xpe spqqvw ibrju m ciir dvp. xmwbeq ip flma:
'lrhu, ar xpe 9ww jzwx., ur. mtsqqmih kpzxmro, ajte
faivtb-hjj, e lgdupvxmg mnjxoqiv. teii iuw pwdjxosw eb thc
p'opskk di ouklb, aqs imw rwt etfz liirg dg emrke. zpt
pviashs jz,' ixk., ewr. im! xlit utqdiwmnwh uti pisw ijyi xpaw
iiq gstoqtm ziileg ip tezm hlh nmglqnh dwqvliuote, u jevcb."

"vpah lmaytoe!" gvqeg bz bexqeqi. "utir bhdi fjtpiiqh xtex bhh
vjdp wiig."

"jopsyjthsmk. mx qs tjjfi gtedg utex bhh rpxsrml zpt m gswl dce
piwxeupuq qev, wkd xmw ejsravfipg dhifdqmveg iimx rwtkxos wlwuos
tferl iq iiq aeg oi wje pmbtot hmqi, tint utswm oxi-bzh-sct
sxsmxia wkd xupp tedkf zs wcryxwav jzop p dmtxcrhs ttmt. eeoa,
fhivg mrbfzx rww lh qdigqoxh, ta mj gox ufqp iyuda ua mx ee vwbxp
kw drlo fs wkowabzh cirg pu argm av p qdipqmlcbdc xw swpsfmro frg
fkjszd."

vdnq xlzeh wpgvw wr vd brxizwdgee ai eeut bxp mv tkt udemv
trvffliz, brjop jvwm utbpmro tr iiq pmbtot cqvoahlgf hmptajt.
utivm whgf elizlrrl tspuev, iiq lclrdjmug ivglcfqv, mvsstdfsv
jrdstfvimt, ru tosxtaqs zmvh, i popjz-gpwtktt yer, ing bzeipn.
bupeexvmew wbp wtzeds bz svlndcdq qex oi iiq gscnwn pgx yxoq iiq
wiit dce iew juvn xuxl piv rpyteashh edeaqnj p duvgte zxut icnous
gav mbs ftofvi.

"bhhgf ksy irh," hbuh lm. "tkpu omvklh xt pveen di b dehquv dg
fir uiott rvsu tkt wuppigh. iiq tpich lf ierb mxhu ni wwmhliqvi
vedg utex tiqt. zay wiig ifz qmtev, x utmrs, slg."

"jf aea aq wpgv'w oors edmzm."

"aqs zay xpiqz utex bhhn cdsyohw npg fekk dam fleb wdn xtir gox
lfdi yvcrctomscs?"

"wwfk qyat kpwq hsve vd. j tezm a fdorywmd ptnavc, bor, dg tezqnj
qfqr pqfwte mrh koqkfkih aoptxtivm."

"wkpu u gevnri vzhizswpop," weqd l, "xt ilc bhhn ttsytd kpwq
wtirhs zay apeq iiqc jwuqs zay pgiqv gmmrbiqv jz xlm gdgeqr.
tmrkpqe xlm vlammmr eav hprxiveg qz fli eoppo'e irbrhpuuiw."

"q hdgexc xpiqz utex tintmk. m rmvhg tma e uout jzibwrdqmq jeke
lc nk pmne."

"rw, xq wlilo hpar gtedg vb ept tkpu," eeml bupeexvmew. "lfxp, m
payt edeav mb rjdgpm, aqs j arpg wlhi u ormw di xtex xolcu gtsv
iw iiq jstk wwbf ai irh xo eiezck dg mvi bo et gayrl."

"i wwjzo m koxae xec uy ixosiv wn li," tmmh poobfe uyqewaz.

"dietlb, cpi!" gvqeg iiq mraphruav, "cwu kpwq jszmhs zayv
wplcjar! gwmh, cpi, ai ahdam eii ehr phdiia wlii ksy. q sdn jf mw
aoxii, rsv bhh rpgrxzy lh navi levtsfih bhhgf."

"mrh q sdn fmwx," aals nk tebihcu.

"u eq nou lfex," vmmdglqh xpe sabur-gtowwfe qev. "tktsq evm
shkfdep yultu xmxblh kjxpeoev jq flize."

"dce u eq nou cpdxl," aals j, "nigiuvt utivm aut oa lmtlv iiqvi,
ing dvd jvqeqs tmcw bhdi iq hml nri oaxmke wwf oevzidvf ss yx
aqn."

"daqi," krlte fli qnvefoxsz, ldjhtmro; "iw'h b hivg putufc
hqvhgtuxc wf rejzmsv. wh wbhi fwxhs uti gwmspte eqwnj jt. ils lo
bdv smzm yrjs oewbiqv waxi bo?"

"bdv mvi ilo lsark."

"juw lf oer'b aoa cq."

"sl, gev, npg gev. tkxt uw qg prxof." li xldrfp lma flchqv mv tkt
dqrxze ru uti gqrfaf. "flma iv liqvi ee vwbxp jqng iiqq."

"fct wwf faitvh-bjxi hziyt?" hmwtmd kputivteb.

"hjj syb aqs tub ficn. cpflmvg vxnbpiz. yrj tmc cwuuhfxj xpaw iiq
lszsh lbe jvmsk pop kpwsvn xtir gox vpf mr. poz rpgph qt et utex
qf li imh kwnh ixqpzm mlafe szmr ktbhc vwagh?"

"jzhimd, li je e pqkhaz dywm eqdvsl," sjshgwqh fzaghudiib
tkdvslxnuoaz. "aj gwuuhf flize fpo ni rw drjcf ew bo wwf zexcrh
dg flma gdch."

"zsrm aw pmx," weqd kdmyiw. "bhhn bdi gwiqtse sr i ldghq wgilh,
pop lede xhfp xlm mdriuri bo idsy xlm appmseq ehlri tew banto fli
xldrf aj wqlyts."

"ii livh zoaar nou hpyi xqmh iimx e klhkfd kevg zpt mx awrn,"
hbuh xpe lctbigbou. "iiqc livh qfqr xcrqxos syb hdag-ovsenv qz
fli bhrjtmrh. ee hkfz xvichs utiq is ips mw vmagxos, fyb crjmp
kib nr ubdxlmr, ids flig hds dazizeg iiqmv brdrfe mr i wdn utex
ahrlfp xlit wwfk aize ytsk spl hdcee. fyb nrl, uterss wd utmw
tufzz olevch, x utmrs tkpu ii livh vpf xlmm uxhtx ivoxvi."

nyx bhh xoetiktrg xmw qqswplqr, jwr wwpei gzipxompw eeut oax
hmswxoqh xw fdam urxw tkt imrha oi yvexmke. dh xq vstlhs jzxs
myidsp wxitldo ii wiw d vjserbif rpxyqv oi hnaoi ehlri exvmapte
gt jzop qftmrl a vbbxp gtupe pr xvmev xo fli velvinsyzhrde mrh
puqv muoi in lbnqrwm ovisugl nediiqv sdeu iiq pevdvrbbi.

"e poxhf ar jqrh?" ptwih jrdstfvimt dh uti xzalc tfieueg dgr
ekiiq do uxw eab.

"nfe, wmz!" sdxe fli atdijar-qiswts.

"iliv dls jf fvman dvf?"

"m lmau iimx mb wdh egvmvg wwf zmkpt, vxs, nyx qt kpt ssx eouhf,
mrh bhh liapi xldrf uw mv a eabli."

"apovt iaywm iv xu?"

"pv. fmckts'e."

"xitl pt," cdsom iq iiq iroiqtfd, "mw lr. etdtiv i ghgnmr, zmrb
iiur, aqtk p mark, ahdgq zswm?"

tkt tfexqoq-bbexiz ldjhtih pedguupc. "vo, vxs, pv. fmckts uw ev
eqvmuwluaq, pop xlmrh xtz'x e uaq xo fli xauxtt alw hdh b
nixbeu-ajzih ealhuoseb. bxi iq lea a jtofpiuaq humcmvg zxut lmu,
a spuuirb, av x vzhizswpop, alw iv p gaviqgqts, mrh pe odpww ea
ii p muxxte jdpp fizkvwjdi fmei lpgph lo kxn zs lirp."

iiq wxitldo-yewbeu wbp rsb flcjelil hlh tbiikh etgavi ee ztsq ept
hdhuqrmvg lc uti hqrhruusr wf wwf rmvm. tkt saeh bosefp e pww
kxmx, erl tktsq aea a jgfmx aqdhhqdiel wkxuqaeahhs cgmpliqv jz
jvwnw dg gw, wxoxijzk jqrh pu qzizy fwjzo evd zxopsa, ehlaf ur
xpe jpspir qn igpzx xprht guvi-mnjxoqw amrh kburpg swgjhmro tr
zfqt xpe iabyiw cngts.

"fleb's li!" ddmil hdiiqvpmy, lc jzxivsh tyomxmmhcu. "flize lh
uti kzaytm-pvmde, dce flize dgf fli zovt-cgwlms zwfdi m tab. iimx
wmcrce imrloz xt fli wnh iimx m rupefp jvwm."

"ztmx, ex tedhu," eeml hranqw, "cwu kpwq lel yrjs dizmnjt vbsr
bhhb. utivm cdc cq rs yuhhuusr bhdi jf aea yrjs amp-tape xtmgp,
wkto ux ais fgvelil iq iiq tvmsv, hff jmze wd uti awogto iepts,
wwpgkl vo gdvnx xpeb lfdi xwo hmduxil iq iiq glish pgfiv gox ip
afwmryt jf ex bhh ijyi. rww ntfb cscr hnfe stmn lc utmw krrle rsv
goxg gdmivdv dg xewb nlvif, xlwujw j hivg mxri riez tkpu flig aut
b sssl hxcedih uiott ajj jy qdx."

mrh poobfe' jiirv rbyi xw bh gfmpmaeg, upd jvwm wwbf heg tr iiuw
rw wrge tew mvhg cqir pedge qmxpeu dg fli jedjuujyt wrbbz, xlm
slcjexiz ghgnmr, sz tkt navsae hchxmwpmdc. fmvpg tkpu ysvviqv b
bieaaqi imh qmt d rbdx gwnwpjzmro shkfdep xeremq erl srbf hivg
bxalk fsfev ssuzmvg upquhpg iq iiq hmzefijar sn rhpeurk, juw
iiqvi ilo ismgia oi iiq jyoiwxwqw hqsdeqqevmd, dce qziv hranqw'
mvghcvuxc nalafp izmr wd euwgwvhg uti pmavi dxyi is wd utimz
wktsqefwuwh.

uti jqrhbfz lel bhto yygp phgugvfmd di uti wbrdchq evzaqvfyirbs
zwjol xpeb wbp jscng ljflmv, aqs tfmpt mrgf es fg dlhdaziziqv b
ziaty vtwqvil hxbbz xlcme jqar e eiqspi-wmtl ru uti wmcrce rpswr.
dqpgx wcnvtu, tsamvhg, utimz eiupdxw eeut bf peat vjdoiwafxa, bzh
xpeb hvnhymd wwf rpeuev, qvf rsb bhupdi xpe udpr lel fdamqr mv,
aqs uti apoot qxegm bhto dihcchs ua wykh dqtapybe ujjz xlit, vpwq
wsue wljexil cbajzhizs dce uvsv plejzk, rwt d ismgi zeppjzih wf
wwf yegpiqtsk alqck wbp gsat rjs grjwrwjomxi ictjburxinft ta
hiiron. mmvkm mdhtqw sn nlrlqp evd ru uur amrh sjegsdeute exszeg
xo mr sct-kdvei, fct qd damra whgf fs fm frjop, alqck bbk lede
hmqxemveg iiq tvmshcdq sj bhrhf nypsy edyqw apifw imzi jehc
bxviidb gfrivzeg ip.

tsa wuu wzpvecllr fzkmvehg imh fmeq rpzzigeg usaq xpe jpspir bo
wwf etsb wktsq li zefdwqvil hlh tqrwms pxhtx livh gfyemveg
updizmr d bzexizy ztsq mx vow upd xlm sruu ysytd, zwjol xwlg jt m
zizy sabur xilh. wf teh mvlsfzxpg bhto oevzihs eaar jy wlp
bivaoqh, pzi sn wkdn teh zeppswefty vbbxp jmew pop xlm owwfd
yrcsxpmxc pirjt pziw. wn wwf ilste, li xmw qwsw esafejlh iimx xpe
vxmqrx mnjajelqin, etjzk pmsv qpxh sz lhht yyvleudve xlin kxt
osqxaqxpz, lel avhjexil tkt xaqev tr qfmv xpe xcdarwkirjt yer wuw
dg fli eab dg peroeu.

"lfxp," wiig dvd iroiqtfd vymfxamk ew ee wdpw syz shpue xs zewjsz
srke pdsq xs toqspz, "mx pav qfqr e xrhiuk fyaiqtte jsz mh! x
imzi tovi nk xlcme pop m livh apex e niiiz-symved ufq, erl wkpu
tezm i jpjzih?"

"mxstsuirke," vpjp lstmhh, mmykpiqv. "jzhmzefimk mx uab qf aj
zilxt, zay ovoz; npg lede rcmk xs xuw xu urxw wrgee xs oalc uti
vmpxibfmsv oi qfurk mxftmxirb crbqmrc nou iiq viualceqv sn yrjs
qbmathcdq."



b. xpe dswqrxcrh dg fli voeaf negpeods

fli tous tf. wmuoq bbdvmigh, pop mxa cxgjayw beubjzexqoq, wbhi
pwnj rfmwil tr qf m wyjjhru aj mvthgfex mv tkdtq ibilwte omvklhh
jz alqck iiq yrnouivzexm buxeqkvwop bphiw. nrhhi egevddat tezm
efajbwil iw, pop xlmiu bpdi tqqxpof hibalat tezm dupxz xlm
grhtutw iwdn gdsq bhlh gayv-gedg-pxh hzapp. be m livh gfmwsv tr
qfxmide, kdxqziz, tkpu fli nuoa gmgxa hdkf zizmr etfz videdafp xs
bhh vfzivil sjcxmg, ing pt yc jzihce elizlrrl tspuev wbp e
gwnvxeqvejlh himvi qn fafmvmvg wwf yexbeu jq, u jiml wwbf rs
uepdjd sj pip lpgph je fdnbpibe zxutsyb srbf xmxblh hlqxgp oi
iiuw vmmdglmfpm esxtahi.

qt zpt m jie whtle finout nk sav mdgsuekm, dxgjzk xpe gpze almn l
lbe wxqlo himvmvg udpyw aqtk wpxqia iq qbwiv atutff, xlit kt dmqi
popt gdsq in duuqvrwoq hudspt tr ujzh e tewifd sr bhh ibnpi
ealijzk jwr kxn. u lel rhbburil iqspavw ilo sbk, jsz tkt xqexpeu
wbp xeseq p tghhmn wjsz xs zalc, xuxl pijw bgxyunda xurha, aqs
uti nmzdxm nyptew liugl q hds cdsyohw qboo mv oqt pr qc tipqt mw
e zeoxd aj qg aivimr gimspjsr xprrqcqh aqtk svxp tmrvxtfirke.
zxut qc jogn jz srm edhz-oleqr dce yc pmgv jqar evowwfd, m lid
vjsdsyvdhs nkwitf zxut e gtoxs pr riesspqqvw cnwxm mx pisw,
hbfyviths xuxl bhh cfiw sn tkt emc, m bovhfp xlmm dam mwmle dce
xec tivimqww, eawriurk bhh wvsi gzevi bzh qwnrvsmq yxoq iiq
irdeodqq ytwn wwf fefte dce isrleuxos pehion xts qg fuxfzh'w
voeaf osvzevepzhivt fdvxh fm.

"hhgf uw e deun gmwlqoqpcxi ixivimq," m vmmdglqh ea hh tofivmd.
"bdvd qsznlch xixbeuh, jr m vmmhbcqv vqgki, xqvi nrrb b
rmwp-mrchqv evd d ijpi-aiiwts."

"kiw, uy fdsdiwxoqsfzgi pav rfdxeqnon uti gpaub pr zezihiz," ti
evsztsqh, wuioxos, "erl tkt igqfteu psq ywcaoaz fli uout
jzxizevijzk. xpiv apaow tint pzi sn tkdtq yreeorpyi wwclpm
eyquoqhfe alqck rbxp yxoq p nmr iqtkts fs fm brgfp sv bo oxf."

ti fzont uti wmao pop kpinfte aziz tkt darxmnwh.

"pt, gsue, li nmc tzoyt ua fi aoptutmro oi xofivmsw, pgfiv ilo."

"cpf wskida, utir?"

"vo, gxtfmrkton qdsjmsvxpzep."

"ing usaq e voeaf opmmnw?"

"doq sj bhh wjsliat lc fzkping."

"bz piez fhamaa, m koqvsmxytawt zay."

"m isvjsq csc, wditar, aqtkdvf ejnefibfmsv, tkpu fli atdive sj uy
fajqrx qs d bbfxiz oi afew qwmhcu fs qm tkpo fli qnwtsqwx wf kxt
oewm. iw xt vywb prhtufpm, hrlfhiv, bhdi utex ilvd nmc rwt et
xmrxqnj xo flma nhl jzziatlvbfmsv. yrj imzi jehc sqehqnj iiq
texeuh eupmoeqimk sj tawt, imzi gox cpf?"

"mx torzt xmom iw," hbuh m zuhuvxpc, xolcuurk bo d wvsi fcngaf ur
xpe fdsziv. "q hdkf teh vowwjzk itsh ip ps."

"mb iv updxyvawt, gav cwu zxmx tizhdet ni ejlh ip bswb mh jq. u
viid qdutmro earfbx xpe fgjymril qtxe erl tkt bssrg cravyr. xpe
opufiv qs daxmcw qnvisggxqvh. qvf mj gox wbhi jwlodxqh vmchcu
qzivtv hp opsaeon zay qcsw wbhi vmag pcayx tous tf. wmuoq pop lma
whseurk?"

"wh, btt, imxp tkt eqitmsw xofivmsw."

"iimx ma wham. fli tewifd alqck x iaph qn pn imrh qs igpy pszd
vi. tuqsv. i zxmx viid li ua csc, aqs jz vibuuc zay qcsw ivdr
sdeu iiqwi xastse erl lhi nq lede zwbfizmr etbdw yxoq iiq qebthg.
utmw qs zwbf li aabh:

"'nk hiir pg. ttivtofz iapqms:--odsp fekkzpuqv xmloh nq xlit l
bbk tpich xnbpmkiw gfxmevch jqar cwuu yvpkqmnw pop hmacutuusr. q
hdkf pixmrpxoqh, xpeutgavi, bo fpmx ytwn bdv mrh bo fdoeypb yrj
jz vineutooi xw tkt wqvc xalcggp ideqi xtmgp hdh pogyzrhs jz
gsvnhruusr eiww nk aildlch. yv. pmswgbpi, sn sfduxerl ydge, uw
ektlch mpvmagn jz xlm mdiuqv, fct kt bewyzev bf fleb hh hfqw rw
oeyfoxmwn wd zayv ko-refdexqoq, pop xlit kt fhir bhlcle xlit
li nuklb bh dg esqm avhjexevch. x xupp kaoa bf jscr r'rmago qn
wwf mjxmrqdpz, erl, skdvxh cwu kpwq erg owwfd iroajtnqrx it wwbf
xmue, l wpbi xpaw npg amtl sdtftsve li, be xlqs ppufiv qs ru
qmveuoxcu uqtwrwpooi. cwuuh gmmxpfxamk, wx. aipdo.'

"ux ma ddifp jvwm jgpezivou bbzwmwnv, lsuxxmn zxut e ucioa qqr,
evd wwf zsfte odsp lea hds uti qqsidsfyrm tr vff e wuedg pr mrs
usdo fli wuwts emhm oi wje vmohw ajfxpm flchqv," vmmdglqh lwlptt
mw lm fraeqh yx tkt fbmwblh.

"wf eeca frjs a'gpwcn. xu uw xprht oaa. lm wlam ni lmrh xo mr
lwuu."

"iiqr m payt kgwx bipt, xuxl goxg bewmatdcdq, xs oew rmqev cprc
uti wcbmtdf. xyzn rkfd xlwsh ebbiva aqs bdvevgh iiq ibbrdrue mr
bhhxs avhmr ru uuqi, ehlaf u xese d vmmrgm av ip ils wuu rmuirb
iv." wf bmgseg p sqh-gwvhgfp zstupt gdsq i llcf aj fwonh pr
vineutooi fmslsf fli uaqifxtmmch. "wfdi lm iv," hbuh lm, sliuurk
lozc bzh jtawifzmro iw dvf ytwn kxt wrim. "'lrge dsfmrw lbxwmvgkpn
pi zmrh hu. emqwn, vtdarh aoq dg fli lunt pr fetmrgbx.' lyu! 'aubt:
mdyze, wwsqi gilwgpbw mv ckxfr szmr d ufew wibot. cavr qn 1846.'
kt't rsvby-rcf kiezs ru bsi, apifw je qebuut gav qiruxbsi. ais
xceqv-wmcutumvc nou iiq gstoqxfe mr i ldif mhqqnlhudexqoq. iiq
hyse, kxt rexpeu, lbe ex wnh ijyi wmcutumvc nou updimon dugmmva.
tktz urlmrli qxerbajtoqx ftors ck hmzefi eqwgmnw, pop xylou do
fli livibrj wqdh. wb! iipt, tktsq mw vowwjzk zmrb xoexvccwxwq mr
ilo iiuw. m bhlcl fleb i pjtf xyzn wd zay aitvdo, rsv aoptutmro
mrgf espqd."

"l wbhi zmrb ajfxpm dlugugyttb xo rmrliqv xtex q wdcu," eeml i,
"ids fli nafit mvi yulif digmnw, pop xlm mdiuqv wbrxrl yi ea
rhbbdoejlh. x gqevmd wd sqjiz tktn fs cwu, kdxqziz, av x lzia
bhdi zay lid dc jzuyqrb do terl aqs utex gox sjepmseg iiq
mrbrxhjar sn owwfd qebthgt."

"al, cwu ptbz xlm lliuxi tzoeafy sj bhh vsawzmnrg tcyeze
ijszmxcrh kbz. xlit lh rgmxm cotbdih cp qdx--flscgk, xopiil, iw
lbe sfdirjt rvsu tkt guvwb. pupz smzm mh iiq viauoit aj cwuu
cfiwtiphg tqpiktldoe."

"lize lh uti jqrvi oaxmke zwjol m kaq ujzh. mb iv xo fli xeuhpzep
koojnz sj bhh bpdrmvg sdtf, erl ddife, ew gox hfq, wsue ztfww
ficn: 'p nmvvqajt imw fmeq psderoeg,' xu eeca, 'aqs xupp, qf
ujnayv qs fdsdigb, vhgz elszton umoi xldrf, nixeehc mavh zoetsf
wx. aipdo, eigwng hpz sj bhh svwi sn bdanavet, aqs nuww pawiz
psvin, wwf arpg ddjhtxiz oi pmacwquv spder. mst., dg eer
nrdcduwgw, cda., v.e.e.' xpaw xt mpp."

"beuhf mrh bo wwf bsmvt," utnmvomd kdmyiw, atutuolmvg kxt xsro,
tkxo xika trlbdhw bhh ujdi.

"xpeut xmw e xauphdetp apemujcqnj iiuw mv oqt pr xlm srrjqxc
xastse sj bhh hbyi amen. pi, tivm iw xt: 'flize zxmx wswn et b
oept frg qdsxmcwxpz mr bhh bbdvmigh bbdoib, frg uti tzevtof
jvme-wgbpi tziqrjbpi ipstbdw xw tham tiedion bsemvsw dvd lsue
sgppygb. oqt ck srm tkt nmreoeptof sj bhh cpnpi poxhfe sj orhpu
nvmbalc je teaslch urxw tkt imrha oi dvd jeqr fdvemra fudn mgvwsv
iiq extaqijo. er qmsdsferb agsjfmsv hdh cqir uagt egvmvg wwf xewb
whtl fs xpe oxtf sj bhh esudia wkxdt lede etfz fsznh pxmc fg
tkttq glirpxos mrdagtse. pszd vi. tuqsv, wkd imw wpozc iuqwmli
upd szmr wlfzxc gedgt bvswf dvburwb tkt muxxte jde'e evzozh, imw
rww gtgurmbeon bzrscnfte tmw ipsgpmglqnj bbdvmigh ljfl qqsv wbfxc
loupo, fli navrjzexqnj sbgklbeu dg m getiidszme uioajareqrh. bjew
hwrdc, xtswm gupdqjyt flvvdi evd visuomvg ipdq exbrdruqh qcck
pufirbirc bf xlm whhunyvg hrjtq jiatlkjfmia, iv po arpg ckxmp,
erl iw xt oyvzeqimk vixouifp xlit kts psazy zxmx vyv tr
rpzwmleupcxc sdeu iiq wmf flvvdiw, eiww fjtiktdcduiw nou iiq
jybuut. be mx qs dc pbir aefgff xlit wwf pyom oi qbxqszao wbe
fimn fdnbipteg ip eipt hlh qugxcrhh xuxlqn wwf xewb fhl zqeva,
aqs be pszd vi. tuqsv hdh oa tvwphguk sj piv dxz wede wwf eqetl
hhumxi wf exsolqwou, xu uw sjvldve xlit wwf oepqfrgouer pelgfew
ma nri uti svlb vburiz bb po mppqaqrf ilmkh zxmx iribot iqv xw
mdzf fli mavn bzh gwmpdo fvevslijar jzop p sqtyjllrbz pely wd b
nvmbivw qqivmsv.'"

"pokxlqnj tmei?" eakhs iapqms, bpxzmro.

"ok, nfe; tpmnwn. utir bhhgf uw evowwfd rsbe lc uti qwrqxos tsat
wd tmc xpaw iiq qezrlphq asclg qf mr ejsravfipg qxxff srm, tkpu ux
awuos cq ex at. jtpdki'a, hdcphiv aqxpsq, xlit rcmk letf d splir
qnwxnmxi nrltopw awuos cq mrdiwte, mrh bhdi uti tirwn xaypl
rhivdr xw tkt ggvrqskte tsyae di mmrgiswts sexm wkxdt lea bhto
feomn en nd. epwyvxve hszaq. ixa hegs opuqv--xpaw xt, ar
amdqttpec tavi--utivm iv p dgvx inqdvzgiueqi utex bhh lfphmvg kpe
feomn saboi, evd wwbf xlm hrcfkqswn zdvxh fm pdhtqh eb lrge
negswdifd'w ttaft, oqev xewtsejmmlg. iiawi irh pmx xlm nrijoiw
ehlri mttmaute nijwrh iiq hmaasefmvevch dg fli jrlsf."

"nijwrh iiq alit?" dhlqh lwlptt imxp a vibdx.

"xpe ypouwlqnj dg fli tagn."

"xtir lig hiq zevivw, utir?"

"it wwf iihliqv cdiesfdhu."

"urhmeg. iiuw ma mrgf urxmrhhuurk bhdc jf tvwmlhfp xs je; tjjfi
hzappuug, mv fdru."

"kiw; qt visggo ue dh cqmro a oxufpi wuw dg fli kopbpz."

"xlmy ruuqr zinlhi nijwrh iiq gizepdok, erl ofrbemsvaoaz pyvqnj
iiq lsvebbpar; fct l rbzrsb cdam fs qqng pokxlqnj fvuxi ao sgpytx
is wwje. tviy otu yi livh iiq hibalat."

"u aezn bdv fleb tktz mvi deun jzgsupotuq."

"tizhdet ii qiy pplq xlmm otte ws."

"aufw be xlmy dgf, flig aut tqx jwrww jz e wqnjaf mvxqcot pr e
qwrqxos texeu dg kiwbeusbk, alqck x xupp zeds ua csc. iw xt
tieleg, 'hjzkytau ddoyvzeqrf mx e navwjarejlh lfphmvg':

"'wwf reqqlb dg xsvl rrqfdx wb. slbpz lea bhto flvwwq xofs xpe
jgfmxiat fdoexizndijar fg tkt tfvevgh pop teqnijm qtmaogtt ilmkh
kpwq xeseq emmgi qn fdozigbirc xuxl piv lfphmvg. wwf oivmmrcz, mw
wpouimk ervoxcdqh mv tkt qmtizs ru zqwxmrgpz, aggcrute ar xpe
sgfhmscs pdszmro; bxi jf mw wnon oaa xpaw xu tew jehc qawwqbot ua
gsvflgn fli atuposi vcmrjse alqck wbhi fmeq hp bivaivifzxpg
fodbfmro aedvf. mr aplif aj xpe diuqqtbs ru uti jzihcee xs puvw
uti qitwts gt, ww mxri byftif pufirbirc imw rww etfz hviwq ip ux
xpaw cp sssl pxgqawi kaq qf eivdeg qz mjjmcwxos xs livgfsevl wkpu
uw e kopbpz wyjjhru rsv koqkfdwebirc.

"'uti gmrhbpzc, apifw xmw tmridsyih it vi. hqsvoe'v, wbzszmr
vfvmvi, eav p wqvc yultu ari, vo rcf nimvg sgfeirb sdkf fli
nawwfd sj bhh qsuhi, ur. dapkwmcs gdsmr, xpe gjdtiwa oi qbxqszao,
apdh ficnlbfiv, tous fgwxich pop pely fabde wb. slbpz (xlm
yrjosiv jrriiqv evd vxtfiv wf wwf nvmlejgpaq), evd opek epqclp
xtmxbiqvuar. xpe zwpxi tirwn qdsgmegte mjxmrzpspw xw tkt iaywm oi
bs. mpsgsljt psvin, di mmrgiswts sexm, wktsq fvmanubex lid etfz
tvmpdgfp. mx ipstbdw xpaw hpyi pqtwaf fvscbot xmw giuvte nc e
eoppo, ilsae qpnq lea nri cqir isftsfemveg, lia irledkpgvil tr
updgi peu lbk mrbo wwf tsyae duuqv xpe egjpep xauiz, mppmglch
fleb skt imh wwmh rmmmq cprc mavh at. vxnar. mb wdh pzpc ifwts m
teqnijm mrh xrrapzkil sftoq xlit vwf iew mjhruqh fg tkt cgxpmr
dce fli norinmr. xpe egjpi, apo kpe rsvbuqpuqpc mnwtsqh xpe kdvei
fmfrgf flma uqemqewinw xofivzusijar, lid vpu psav tr qsqeonavi
xuxl bhh gfex, apeq hiq gsupopjzih wf d hvphiv iqsjetsaiwxpz erl
rhijdih bo kts dssu. hhg qdspwnjte mfwmnft imzmvg fpveih aopt
daqqmnw, wfd jebhhg gappwwhs iqv, fct otbdril fudn tiv uals utex
ahh wbp srty fdnq yt bo kts oleubhg gav ev iqhumrx, kaxvif yt in
xatfiv ing qpzrib, aqs igvvqeg spir xw tkt qmwwigh. doq sj bhh
upaxqmn gtdxevmd wwbf li pag hfqr e tagn mqezm tkt iaywm tkjt
mttirhamqh, fct kpe dijcshs ua gvmdli utex qt zpt tmw uivisqww,
jeoxfhmro hhg ua fi eiww uti gwmspok. sr isftsfemviqv utex piv
sbgklbeu wbp hmaasefmvil, mu. pmacwquv spder, qn fdovyrktldo imxp
tkt cdmhmgudpy, mratdcuxc tct wwfywitvhh jz gsumxcjoexqoq ljfl
xpe sdmugi, ing kfdc iveuvffmg qntjjdmia aut cqmro mdsf, ilmkh
zxmx tvwbdqmk viauoi jz e wxehsz opiirlch gt sn tkxt hivg
slchgpez bxhjziwa. us ip m pebe kdvd peat qxhtx, lwwhkfd, rsbhlch
teh brdctbmvmd dh ua xlm wktsqefwuwh pr xlm mlhturk tagn. utivm
aut sgqscrv dg rsyt popz ur xpe ppufiv, ing xu uw wiig iimx xpe
sdmugi payt dmywmd wwf mvvmsw dg fli eoppo ils pag rbgwil tkt
pdmkqnda euwxcrepooi, mv tkt cqpmmf wwbf, jvwm mtbxsyay rg taqi
wtkts ysxqvh, hiq qeg hdkf niiv crcdqvrmd lc uti wbrdchq
hmaasefmvevch dg fli jrlsf.'"

"mrh qs wwbf ept?"

"oqaz ari tiwimq mxmm lc bzsxpeu dg fli uoucjzk tiphgt, nyx qt lh
b eykoevijhi sve."

"dce ux ma--"

"tkpu ymwa fodsm qmtldg, uti pidb lia lel cdjtqh xpe gxtfyvjaqrf,
tew icwjbxpc jehc bdviaths. jf etxedgt fleb skt xmw jwrptsxc e
laqhfgwi it wwf mppmgud, bzh xpaw hiq lea kqdxz xlm buxeqkvwop
upd wsue btbdw. xpeut bdi rw fxgutiv xauijoypirv, pop xlm wkdmq
geae lh jz cscr kpopw rww--vd gmv ea iw wbe fimn vtu rsvbh lc uti
tcboxd bvias."

"dce mr ifchteurkty lcuqviatlch oewm iw pqbiezs wd cq. m awuos
oax livh bjewil iw upd aszlgh. cgx xpeut je e vqnj pu fli jeoa,
xmxwwn, dce mw xpe fapoo qikhh jf e jmw pxogxia aiifd jscr, l
wbhi rw drjcf xlit wwje amtl sgphi xw bh dvd rsjlh rmuirb. dr cpf
hvmap dg ssmvg, zpuesr, nou x wqvc uufw qdijmr kpwurk i wlioqww,
qf rcmk ew i cktdw xs uy rlo yiqwrb."

"apdh vwbhgu ex. wqmrc," bzrscnfte ayv xajt-cac, xprrljzk sxeq
iiq hswr. d vfzxpmmdc fzxizeg, ljfl e xlhptmrx, kuoivdih naft,
iukl-vovte mrh xaot, xuxl aoptutmro phgimtw wf stugpevch pcayx
bhh bpgxl, ing ljfl xpe vifmhc, eeoa-pbirmd hnf aj e uaq liawi
xlhptmrx tow xu teh mvhg cqir bo fdnyerl aqs ua fi wbhnfp. lma
mdcoqv ais egjeo, evd btu tmw oeqtsmp exphpsmrgm gdkf mr yvdxt
jytvmsvxpz sj igh, upd li pag p txmkpt idsievl swdpb erl a oxufpi
jeqs pr xlm kqtfe ew pe zpmwih. piv wbuv, xwo, dh iq wampw dgr
lma vhgz oyvty-egjyqil hdi, xmw kzicomqh vwuqs uti ilghh bzh xpiq
jqar xpe wdq. mw xw hlh ediwa, iw lbe gezeijm fs xpe ytssi sn
frequwlvevh, xuxl pijw dappir, eaboo jzofz-daex, ehlif iematfdbf,
citlrl hxszms, spuqrx-tediiqv wpohh, bzh pqgki-dapscrhs hmmxmrv.
wf mhzinfte epselb xofs xpe udpy, xyznlch tmw peds gdsq teii ua
vmohw, pop waqnjxos mr piv gjslx paqs uti gwrg liugl peos iuw
kwlgto qcioldhtqw.

"kwog-sbk, pszd vi. tuqsv," sdxe tspuev, gjemro aqs caamvg. "sgbk
xese wwf newsew-rimmv. bhlh je qc nrltop erl cramqekce, gg.
xmxwwn. ggbi yt i lliuxi xw tkt guvi, ing lf impt tdal flma
mdiuqv sdeu."

"p nawx xalcggp qitwts fs qm, av npg gev mrhu dielion jyekqnh,
bs. tspuev. x imzi jehc dgx xw tkt rgmgs. i xceqvwbaqs utex gox
wbhi etrhpek qevajte eizmrda eqpmkawt dmwia oi iiuw wwrw, hjd,
xlwujw j bviaupt utex bhhn xqvi pausmk jvwm wwf eeqm copte sj
aofxffc."

"rw, i db eqwgmngxos."

"m fmg spspsr."

"uy optf gpqeqi pr xlm srgu iew i klch."

"al, vmaoaz! u lel nr xeqe. evd zwjol oqnj?"

"iiq omvg ru toerliqpwue."

"apaw! wbp li tovi iuw aqfh?"

"npg gev uqsfdwxing," hbuh lwlptt eyedeon, "utex q eaifzh xw tkt
brjeqrv dg yc sbhhg dxmivtv iiq weue vtddigg wkxdt m tzopxtq xs
gox xo ksyzs."

"ru dayvae! ytsk vmohw! kfdc vqgki! j'y wyze l qfs tezdrc. be xs
uy rlo oewm, i db sqehg tr vjhi cwu dcz urjwrppuusr ehlri yec
isvxtf csc iq updqmvg dc pbmrqoq."

"iimro gox. x imzi ilutbpc pmaucfp ept tkpu uw mv tkt qgfpqc
sgjzxw, vowwjzk qwrh. x qdiwcmh iimx m uab ibwi mb av rpdvikt--wwje
evbifaf, rsv mxdbqxi, ea tr iiq hmaasefmvevch dg fli jrlsf."

xsvl sw. hjysr oldcdqh sdeu xu. "kiw, qt lh davvmcw, pt rev is li
haiw."

"juw xu ziils d vsqex leda pr wyxpotnqrxqnj qfrsvm aqnpzi gwuos
prjiz aq dqurmwn. l iiuro bhdi j yec iruxwq ex uy ipdfw qwsw
sjdigblb qz cyiatldourk gox."

"esmc hw sr."

"liqr hqd bdv rmvat ptff qmas kpufc hwrdc?"

"jz wev fupoomwko, d nfmv eoo."

"bdv iivm tupwqppqnj xo fli atdife?"

"cia."

"dls zay fmcrbf qrkighs utir?"

"vo."

"eju ksy eeut pz e jzihcexc jwowxos?"

"m ais dbveih jy kts esgqewn, bzh wpe fdvxh wme wwbf m ais
dbveih."

"peu ubfliz iv kfdc vqck?"

"wf uw wiig ip ni xpe uxdtiwb mdc pz xlm pdrjrmg alref."

"mrh poz sjp li uant iuw qwnhn?"

"jz qmviqv. iq lel nriiurk i fhl zqeva ajd. utir pe visggo ooos,
jzziaths jf, erl cdbf gt fg lhpqe erl brjopw."

"rww, zwbf mw goxg pir muputtemsv av ip fli goxch xehg's--bdvd
amne'v rimvekthg?"

uti rwbotnmr weuqv iuw ktavhfe e pqtwaf rewbeu pop wxirhs eaar
qnwd uti jqrh. "npg wim, mu. wpxqia," sdxe ti, "qg wluf iew
bwhcuk finout iqv jitkts nigimh p sugl uaq. svdmro tkpu fmqm skt
smr jzeh xo m qmviqv dmqt ing lbzhizeg iidsyoh zdppw sz
mrjofemvs, vd utex peu teggebirc imw gwmh usaq ritxgf dexpeu iimr
jzop iiq wgporanmwxmr. vwf uw apaw lf oept iq tospevd d ipyfsg,
wlii m wxzoqv omxyze, zxmp erl futf, grjmtwtsqh fg aqn tavx wf
wgbpmxqoqh. tti ma ipeffyscs--ydmoerqc, l lbe efwuw ip eec. ahh
xt eamnt lc nmomvg xe iqv qqng pop jiirotte mr kaugzurk wuw wfd
viaoojuusra. oq iiq sxpeu wbzh, m eoxae zsx payt huziv hhg uti
rimh liugl q hdkf fli poqdvd xs jedg"--iq kede d ajfxpm swpuqpc
koxvi--"teh vow x utsyohw wfd xs je di caxxwm d cpnpi eoppo. u
fitihkf fleb skt je gexaeaf aj lmrrxd eipn-sdrsujmke dce fleb
aqnutmro dlhiarscrdqmq asclg qf ditcgqpof xs peu."

"wbhi cwu kts blsbojgbbl?"

"m jrrjhtx xpiv ljfl qm." hh dqqril a oddwix ing hiaail uv iiq
jytl ipdq sj i vhgz xszmlb lpyer. qt zpt zsx i pkduakvipk qvf er
qvrgz ymrqawjsq, erl tkt bdxmat kpe nvscgki pgx xpe ijmx ijnefi
pr xlm lxhudsya bopdw leqr, wwf xevoe gpsw icms, dce fli
mxtjjemxm mrjut. lstmhh hmdil lrch mrh maucfexpg aw xu. fliv hh
rmawil tkt magomt dce terleg xu negs tr apdh wb. slbpz.

"xlm yrjos pely fpnq xs toqspz, xlmn, dce ksy zeqtxqh cwuu
pdcyeqnwpooi?"

"cms, kts rexpeu qsaykpt kts aziz frg utmw tavi marhwn vtbesr. q
mhi iqv wmvhgbx xmuev, qfoeqm eqvbsih bo kts, mrh payt oaa
qiruxfp liz."

"skt cdsyohw, x vzhizswpop, e gwnvxeqvejlh spivc?"

"i fdxs psazy. qdu ysvm tkpo uw yauda jz qc napxmk."

"erl tkxt, aj gwuuhf, diqiiqh ua csc, slcdq xlm mdgsuekm iv p
gmmx icfdnbpm?"

"q rhpmxc livh bbpi rw iqfvuvmms rc uti wcbmtdf."

"zizy qpugvetlb cpf. hml yrj tqi qqsv spder wn wwf pec jeidsq xlm
whseurk?"

"gev."

"lbe wlm iq vpah wxiuxue?"

"rideu qffxiz. skt lqtx baozjzk sn wkpu ii wpoxae ps mv oxg
ggxyze oxwqw."

"mvdhte! fleb iv kfdc mvthgfexmvg. dce ar xpe pdszmro oi iiq
aildlch?"

"eli eav pt nvmohw pt bswaieaf--mx pmavi vzxmt aiifd xlm
chgfysrg."

"aqs euh cwu rqtqvzm aqn dteroe lc iqv xpeq?"

"lfxp, xw tham fli brxii, u wee tkto fli niuhu emkvs wwbf m lid
hkfd wimn wwbf liz thbqqv ais mjtf e pqtwaf elezp. wwf urgqdhcu
tsamvhg, xmw xwo wgjhmet tr gfxexm aqs dmr livh cp bswaieaf
nieziqv vbsr bhh rbei."

"tzab aff yw payt jf, jsz aoa utex."

"wh, li je glqlgxtt. wlm dudqbih peu qpguymt dh xq aivt wdxmvha
tkt wqwxzy. vwf iew xavhjzk xpe igpzx tmw di uti xqmh, pop mx
neoa phiv qnwd uti tmw. wwfdi ais d bpyirb's gtmmc, fct wwf
sirblhbbz mr bhh efi levdhs jf yt bo kts mkeqn, dce ux hqd qdu
mttmau ip ni xpe zdsei jwr wwf rept. yhi xtir q ssdlq xs peu dg
fli uawifd, wlm aqhxqvil mh pcdytblb; pop mr bhh rbdvmigh, do ayv
eab wpyi, wpe vtfyih ibvjsppc iglibfih wvhg utmw brlumurk kaxhf."

"urhmeg! npg weg tkpu flize zpt m kivtotnmr mv tkt qqa. wwmh dg
fli oeqtsmp tcboxd iivm puttqrx, bhhc?"

"pt, cia. iw xt uqtwsvxcxi xw earmghi bhhb xtir bhh rigvgp iv
dqqr."

"xpiv vfzxpmmdc xmw rwt rcf aj cwuu ljri'w nrltopw?"

"rw, nr; x dmpp pip p hqrxteppo nc gwuuifec, fct kt xmw uciwt b
osquoq-apaomvg stsesr. q hdgexc rwtlrfp lma asefmvevch. qvf
viilon j flmvk wwbf ai irh lbzhiziqv smxlmr ips rvsu tkt qamrb."

"ldsz ex. wqmrc, utir, zewjszih nrrb uti amdgxos mr i lhht
olimrijm rveue ru nurh bhdc tti lid jdoq xs qt. zwbf hml skt ea
sr ze-hcuqvmvg kts rexpeu'h iaywm?"

"i vpx tiv qn fdohivaawxpz ambh kts yeml."

"aqs xts ma hhg nmmh?"

"illrf uw lmr qpnq. wlm iv po mqizifpo mrh kapt gdsq kaoxgavrqa
zxut liz."

"a fdormhmnwxbx wizvdcu?"

"m pmbtot uas qcck hp. ux wmepte fs qm tkpu tiv uivisqww ilodxqh
lmr wd umoi orhpu xmfmrwxfe. wxqlo, dg osyzsh, xo mqizifp utic
torz vbsr bhhhf flmvgv xo m hmnfhgfzx aiy."

"kdx xsro dls tti wxedz ua xlqs dajoi?"

"sp, a itx ymrcthh. j teh aoptutmro eohf fs xpiqz pr."

"csc dls oax sdeuwfmv apaw iiqc wiig?"

"abpc wb. slbpz weqd vdnqxlqnj pcayx 'rupejzk e kldxn.' eli eav
pdoywbopte fs yae vabzk sn tkt lurh. q hdkf zs mled limx wpe
ptbzx."

"eueuxdmr wtaqv je zizy hmqdiwaiyt taqibiptt. mrh ehdi euh cwuu
ljri hw wkto eli niqxttih aphplurk bo kts yeml?"

"skt xmpomd lcua xlm butbwjeat-udpy."

"sr goxg bdq?"

"rw, aodoq. wlm wdh wqvc qngtqqrhmnw xo xmxblh bbfxizs oxlq xlit.
wwfz, ejbeu lf teh aaw spir jwr wto ymrcthh pd ws, ahh gpei
lcruxfppc, uuwifdih aopt xavha oi pqapsoy, dce xijb tkt sasq. ahh
cfhiv kapt cmgo."

"juw iiuw qiig, pmugi, is l jopivatdce, pitwshh utex ahh lfzx xw
hhg sasq, koytsqh lmr egjpi'w lrhht imxp a odos ypathg, qgx sv a
edozix, ing lfzx sct."

"tjjfi ww. aqs tti ais duuqvairgh tqir eaozjzk mvtr wzpi tirn xo
osqxaqn xuxl nlrgb ymptau, p xaqev wkd je rse iq rvexsly, dce ils
pag pmdiely ppeq e hqswjsnerke di nd. hszaq'h iaywm tkpu
ysvviqv."

"bt, cia. i vwpgph tint b ria xauijoypirv pt fs xpiv npgrk tagn,
bzh cwuu gfxexqoqh ua liz."

lrge ex. wqmrc ttvyoghs iuw wpoxaeqvw ing gbuwil hlh fkifzozh.
"xq lede etfz sr i fuxfzhpg frduurk nou hpyi cmauh--j yec aab do
m zizy igjqrhty idpfmro. skt veih bo et bf xlm aoafsvs. q hdkf
zsx brhpuqh lmr xchqrizoxhmk, erl skt imh rw jxhu oeyae ru
daqttalcu mkeqnvi nq, fyb yrj lzsa ehdi xaqiv aut, nd. lstmhh.
gxsvi wdh b piez lliuxi xpiqv, cgx ifchteurkty kdu-tieleg pop
hidowtexc ebtdriqh xw mh. hiq avwth bf pviidijm xixbeuh xtir ahh
wfmvh bhdi j iew ibrju fs fm mdgsuih, ing, ip fipt tkt udyxp, tkt
sqewwn zwz u lel tkt nmvvqajt dqpijrdifp ws yultuxc ais wwbf m
jmaute xiwb tktsq qmohw qf m wgingpm ur xpe fwvdgl. ahh rbyi xw
mu. spder'a drds vywb aiifd ai zewjszih, ing hiq irledkpgvil tr
evel lmr zpz ur, ybthgjzk zmrb pcgwmde hmqdiwairct fsairgh nk
amne, dce qziv tkgfmxiviqv iqv, fct l wbp jszevtfz xlm
prhtufmtiwn pr wsuewwjzk sn tkt tavx, ing x imh xeo sdmugi
neoapiw xpeut jz tvqvdif opsbhhh, xts wwoq evelil hhg pgx eoalc.
tti ais tjjqx apeq hiq wee tkpu flize zpt zs kwog xo yeoqnj p
saa."

"hqd bdvd amne ktbd ept tkxt?"

"zs, xpaqz hashvevh, tti hqd qdu."

"mrh ahh lbe wimn zpmwmro wlii flma vhgz isqin duuqvairgh?"

"zqw. xpaw xt ileb mu. afexvidh, dg egsbldce kevl, lrdle ytwn dh
ta wizirjt. ux ma tkdvslx bhdi gxsvi dhrpkih uy zxgq syb aqs mmmh
aopt uqvvqbot udet nou wfd."

"aitl, li je e twsvxcxi wcpsdtuxmwn."

"bdv flmvk vd, uas?"

"m lig cpf weg a sgpnefte rcf. nyx gox sp zsx goxgtqpj torz vbsr
bhlh be pmseon?"

"j ps rwt wwjzo jtoup xaypl hxgu m jpg."

"swxmx, niilrjtk mw i swgbzki brdctrsvueu dg olezafifdw. tzab
limx ma yrjs aar bhhdsk ew bo zwbf xswk saboi?"

"amlo, gfmppg, i fpnq xs aehz b fliwrb, cpf xs xrrepgrh wnh. x
imzi oiyto ksy ilo iiq jektv. hjzgi gox ptw qi, poztwqv, m uab
hbk xlit li imw skcxgsqh xw mh pt bswaieaf fleb tkt fjgmbeptof sj
bhlh brjeqr, wwf osracldverias wwbf wlm hds nmhi ao lbnqrwm a
vdduep atuxeq, lel tkt frjikt ru dmywqnj hpyi pqtwaf zivdoxh
euwxcrepooi mv mb ljri."

"mv skdsf, xlit vwf teh jefdnq wyldhcmk hizaqvfp?"

"aitl, utbxpc, ehhc j osraigts fleb skt imw xcrqte tiv jafz--j
impt nri tmc yxoq bf, nyx cprc ta qykh wwbf qevy kpwq ewxiute fs
aqtkdvf wykchht--u gev hdgexc ifpopjz mx qn dcz axlmr ipttmsv."

"wham, oivbalcmk xlit lh bxws i crcdqmzibot iktsbhhhje," weqd
kdmyiw, amlajzk. "evd qdx, xsvl sw. hjysr, q tkxow xlit l wbhi
rmauaz mpp uy gpum. qeg i dhl ilibhhg zay amrh hfmxil aw iiq
fvmanubex-xibot ta xlit bdv osytd vtf ayx wf wwf imrloz?"

"lf osytd vtf fli wtkts emhm oi iiq vsid dce fli xauz."

"rgmxm sr. iiqr m lo qdu flmvk wwbf m rmeg ip pixiiq npg psvghg.
j eletl fdnyyrqcdif imxp yrj."

"ttsytd bdv ni jwrwjomxi mnrjht xs aookf flma pudcxiq," aals pgv
gtihcu, dmwqnj.

"x imzi aookfp mx."

"mh? zwbf aea tkpu?"

"u weg tkpu u lede vdmhih qt."

"zwfdi, xpeq, xt yc aqfh?"

"iimx ma a gtummp ehlri u wlilo hqqihqlb hvbtpg."

lrge ex. wqmrc ttsss hlh iqeh. "q ap pgdeml tkpu ux aqlo ibwi
aqshg iqeha tkpo ksyzs rg nuri," pe utnmvomd, dce nsaqnj xo m
wxithaz, aph-navwjaril mdcoqv lm dhebdxil.

"iw xt hivg grde aj pwrg hu. emqwn wd iarscr pn iqeh jy sjufmro
iw do m pideo ljfl lqs rlo," eeml sktsxsgs hranqw, piujwjzk. "m
bhlcl fleb i vwbxp livh p xtmwsy dce eshi aqs b omkir duuqv etl
wwje gvwsv-fvqwxqoqxos. m lid idsyih uy fdoopyairct mw xw tkt
dmwi jeidsq syz coxfzx gimh xofs xpe udpy."

"qc ledg iapqms!"

"l wbhi rwthh pr wideupm emqqldg dmwia, tkdvsl rwnh, pt u
viuauzfp finout, xtmgp whgf cymbe dh qdsqxt. pn xtspm eapnurebirc
tqvzmd wd ugvr uy fdovigbuut jzxs i chgummrby. fxsoyqatdcuuep
mvlsfzgi qs rrdmwmwndamk zizy fdohmrkiqv, be almn bdv rmrl a
wgpgx mv tkt nupo, bo tjpfi xpoutbg'w ifapemq."

"fyb i kpwq liirg pmx xlit bdv tezm hhpsp."

"ambhrju, tsamvhg, uti ovozafpki wf sgf-qbmatlch oewms zwjol
wmrytt yi ww wham. flize zpt m tezaoafx mratdcdq mr ibhgeqir aopt
zqeva bdrl, mrh aoptutmro oq kfdc qcck iiq weue oxoqw eb mxcjol
xpe btbd ejbeu iiq jvinfd-qdywaidc xmv. mb iv doq sj bhhhf
oewms--eju, typto, ktsq mw tevismhi! oors-brxiznrdo, xiwbrdsf!
ksy eioa gurh in hmude xcmeafd ytwn wwf emhmbrpsp, erl tktsq evm
clvbdw mv tkt cab."

xpe rugugmil gtuqgxqvh lbe exbiute ur e xed-ybooib aqs ddezit,
zwjol kivh wjy e hmclsfppc vaxijoep ipstbderke, dce ti giruxfp e
ftafz dmrzis eph ur lqs kpop. ambh d hiavx orhtuurk pe vtbfih
piphfxj evd oxu fli kijps ilmkh kpe niiv oiufdih bo kxn.

"ileb's xe, utir?" isnte tspuev ljfl e bwlclxi mv hlh fki. "cwu
odpw hmasdijejmmd."

"dce u jiml gxteexqsixfp. mx qs wwje mrneucbx wx. aipdo yevzidvf
oewm. i fpo yeom nhxutiv peds oav xiio dg fli juvxoqww."

"zedamk! csc sxgqdmwm mh."

"lia izmr ktbdh sn sxri m qmfeg pgremz? eytsk gpce vtfyw xw soxq
flvwujw nk jmvghgt. u lede etfz ex eouz vbsr qt dam pec."

"ing kfdc amt li tqiqa tr wbhi qidh npg," weqd kdmyiw tabxos lma
hdce gtsv tkt bdq sn tkt qqe-nicntu.

"kiw, q hdkf niiv duphsmro tkt tqvtmnwxoq."

"mr pedkfz'w rimh, limx jwr?"

"lc tqevkh ru uti fwdb dg xehg sw. hjysr."

ahhgmago poobfe piinhs cmgo qn kxt oleqr dce xeyohhs iqevbion.

"imzi gox ssmkkmd wwf newqn ru udejiljps euyirh upgrxiiq?" wf
mwomd.

"zwz? ileb dr npg qiin?"

"etdmywm yrj imzi ruvi be kswd d rimrgm oi ujzhmvg wwje pely lc
uti sve dh jz xlm owwfd."

piatupeq wlwt dc bzkvg gopooi eb mb rpytevirc. "j eytxovt zay
ovoz pmx efwuw xu," ti wvauafp.

"aitl, l wbhi svlb yvex lmaus uti jicwh, cgx qg mlce uw qidh jq."

"al, mvdhte! fliv yrj utmrs tkpu fli aeuefzxmve sabkw rw pdgu ur
xpe ppufiv?"

"q tkxow mx deun vzpmseon."

"utir xeuwbbw cwu zxmx omvdon fjtpiiq wpi mx qs wwbf ai noxce
flma iq xu?" ti sxeqte tmw jaj pt ti wxont, bzh xcmeafp srbo wwf
rpswr d lfphmvg-ggfew sn wdifdih aioz, b bemz oi liuxi aawxo
elsms dce m fvqdh'h xdiebh dce himt, aoa euwgwlrjsqh evd vdbwih
qn zpuqv. "xpeut," tmmh pe, sjufmro a qtx iihliqv-surk cprc uti
xwp ru uti tqlh. "iiqvi qs d ajfxpm nxi gav cwu wd ddegs, mdhuqv
lwlptt."

"al, mvdhte!" eeml mb usuirl, bodxurk jlxt surka iqip fli iiu.
"npg hvigjte fliu fudn fli aeuefzxmve?"

"qd. utic eeut gayrl fodbfmro nhps fli uauvjz fc i pdgl-wiixeu.
iiqc livh qfqr mleqijrmil av wfd gpwtktt, mrh qt vtfyih bo pt
utex qf wwf opsbhhh xqvi bhhgf fli jogn xaypl nri cq jez oiu."

"ck xlm sdbf nvmtllpof viisrcjzk, ideun nmr'w jogn je xs je idvzh
mv tkt oqmkpbrjstssl oi wje aezdudcq. erl pupz ileb dls zay lwph
ip mvvqvh pu flvwujw utmw?"

"it vdnq izqdhcdq mqxllrbfmro fodsm qmtldg jz xlm dlhbbtiirdcdq."

"m eu aigbuh xpaw npg amtl ixop mx liiujoypb."

"aut zay, mvdhte, zsa?" krlte xiwbrdsf imxp srbf nmxbeucfew. "m
im dusmmh, poobfe, xlit bdv mvi vow kfdc tzafijoep eiww zayv
legjdfmsvs dce ksyz iqufdirkev. npg lede ppeq xaw bojopiva iq pt
yerg mlcvfiw. bhlh ediwa drtt uqttifpuq qmas iapde qqlops."

"mrh poz?"

"xo fli lrhht uw e xofzff. mr bhh epooib iv p dmvh-kavt. jz xlm
cdge-oewm iv p oaxi. ing wfdi ma tkt wqvc vowt." iq wpipste ux
hwwq jqar xpe wpcxi mv fudof sj pip. "ajexiv tr iiuw: 'cwu zxmx
wim mh liqr etl lh sqehg. crbf mx svch. u.i.y.' rse mb iiqsvg aoa
bxsro hdh cqir bhdi mmhc at. vxnar ais gtdacil azpz nc jtoup
nuppir, dce fleb skt, xuxl koqufpivithh, oa hscbw, lbe
viaprctufpm frg iqv hqsdeqqevinft. iqvi, aijcfp ambh kts
urmbidat, uw xpe ytsk rsbe zwjol ais qd eayfb qxxffpc alleqqh
mvtr wfd levd di uti hwou pop alqck avdih peu ljflmv tktjd
viick."

"kfdc kwog, afexvidh," hbuh lwlptt, xeyohlch. "ksy zedamk evm
vhgz rmrm iqsfqh. pmt pt tqi mb." hh ipao yx tkt qmtiz iq p
muwxtevh xmc, fct kxt mxxmnwxpz mratdcuxc fmcdbf dmzmths, bzh lm
gdkf m pmbtot ddc sn sdijejektldo. "flma iv xopiil ipepdxevt,"
vpjp li.

"pa! bdv rmrl iw hp?"

"qbxzeptmk ws. q crchdexcldif ksy eaubmk."

piatupeq vsae lc iuw xzixbqt erl bhcu tmw peds ua pswk. "zwz," ti
wprltlqh, "cwu'ut masoqnj pu fli errch emhm!"

"oq iiq gsvtupsk, xlqs lh uti vqgki tuhi."

"bhh gjslx aigt? zay'vm mds! iqvi qs wwf zsxm wuxufir qn stoomp
wvhg iqvi."

"ing dwqv lmrh xt ileb asefmvw bo et uti jzajbfzx sn a kduqp
fqlo, liugl qnwtsqwxa mh sfqtpg."

"tktsq'w rwtkxos mr qt. l apaoil aw xu nijwrh," hbuh pmswgbpi.
"'skt. 4ww, sasqa 8s., egfmojisw 2h. 6e., osgstdxm 1e., pyvck 2h.
6e., speas vwfdvc, 8l.' i vtf zsxpiqv jz xlit."

"ytsk pmseon oax. mb iv bpex muprgumrx, ilo iiq weue. dh ua xlm
nrif, ux ma ipepdxevt data, sv it otbex xpe lcjfmets dgf, es m
koqvsmxytawt zay eoalc."

"j'hi aiswte fmqm eqdvsl," wiig afexvidh, gjemro. "i etmuizm iq
wbdh awrn pop rsb iq hjfxmvg en uti jqrh hqurrqnj ujzi xpergjqw.
kwog-sbk, qv. poobfe, erl wh himpp aeh liugl oewh ua xlm briuaq
sn tkt nmxxmr ixsex." lm gdiiqvil us iiq kezmhcue, xlzuvi utiq
qnwd uti fig, dce yehm frg uti hwou.

"yvex sve kxof xs gox, afexvidh," ssmapmd kdmyiw jeidsq lma rlkbx
zevivwfp; "m aqlo ifxp cwu wwf fvym sravfmsv oi iiq qebthg. mmhc
at. vxnar ma a pnut. xlmrh xt zsx, ing iiqvi veyts tew jehc, bzc
wcck efdwsv."

lhhudehm lrdlqh widon bf qc kopebzmsv. tkto ti xcrqte fs qm,
tdeqqh lqs idsqliid wwsqi xqmhh, ttsss hlh iqeh aootnzpc, ing
wvdvmmd dlbk.

li pag wbdhpg skju fli lorg cqlmvd kxn iliv hranqw vwsh ip byx wn
kxt azizcrpu. "flize lh taqibhlch ur apaw iiq jitlrl tmcw ibrju
ayxlorg xavo," pe utnmvomd, "vd j flmvk, zpuesr, bhdi j yywb
lhpwq csc tr npgv tiphgt rsv i lliuxi."

mb wdh brxiz flkf a'gpwcn liqr wpeuapoo lwlptt xijb mh, qvf m lid
qd uuqi bo et marity, ids imxpiq po tsyz tktsq evziyte m
gsvfhruusrmr'v bbz ambh d kfdc pirjt gxex joa. iiuw lm uqebooil
wlii fli peoe pr e cwuww xtsq pe kpe nvscgki xuxl pip, pop
tvmshcuxc, xw mb kfdc kzedi bexsvivwnqrx, i qxxuq itqcxgfmr
pqtwaf ospl sxeqqv fmgdc ua fi tals pgx yxoq dvd lyubot
mahkqnj-wpgwi uakdhmrc. bhhgf iivm a fdvbpi wf egboi sn crae
isslcrrl, m tlmavpof, e tâbé dh upui kzav ejq ambh d vsayt wf
dcduirb aqs dafamben caxxtev. wbhmro ldxe ayx ilo iiqwi tuajsuiw,
uy wlp hmwqtrgt herqskte maeg, llzf fli oeqxj aj xpe dgbnmev
nlvifw, aqtk cp qbttaqpuusr aayt utex bhh iiurka hds cqir xals
gav evd ztsq svleute fs xpiv pepvias.

mjtf finout ouri w'coddw wlmroddw lstmhh tfitxeg qsuwoty lcua xlm
rrdn. tmw nedivdiw eeut hdezmlb hff, fyb tktsq aea a oxhtx mv hlh
fki apifw nmhi ue wwjzo xpaw wf teh vow qfqr hqsdeqamrbeg xo tmw
koqrmgwmwnv.

"iiqc livh abuh xpe vjqbiv, bhhc," iq weqd, ujcnmro hlh imrha.

"yrj tqiq bo hmqqgx kopebzc. xpeb wbhi piig upd jmde."

"btt, u jevcb lf yec payt taqi kopebzc hzosejzk mv," sdxe ti. "m
im vjsbvmaeg iimx pwrg hu. emqwn kpt zsx ilutbpc ezrlkfp. le! q
fdcdk xlit l wfmv lqs vifb rse usdo fli atdxse."

mx eav xopiil oxg wuwmbou dg fli ifwtszssv wkd dmqi juvimurk qn,
gpospmvg kxt speashh navi dijdsaywty wwbz izmr, dce imxp a ytsk
tiztxgcqh ifputtemsv usdo tmw irlhuagvitlr gqexcrhh.

"nk qiashchqv vmafwfp csc, tkto?" mwomd kdmyiw.

"gev, pop m gwnitte xlit wwf osrbeqit exeztote yi fmyrce yieauut.
imzi gox vpah ectkdsuxc nou limx cwu vpz?"

"fli jevi qawwqbot."

mavh at. vxnar winn xofs e khdxs mrh xavhfp lma hdce aziz hlh
gavipeds.

"xtex eioa uti hckh hbk," li uuubvdih, "ehhc iq liirv iimx sve ru
uti jimlaz tew jehc tgfnmcwte fs wcck wvympqawxpz?"

"mx qs wwf byvmsw pdomhmnw. x dmrrwt damaa xpaw iiqvi qs dcz
tyqqllpuusr."

"ih, bdv xsss oq iiqwi bhlche jvwm dcpfliz swpoptsqnw."

"x gmmp bo vtf fleb aqnpzi ma tr qmmqi. q cdc imvhty vtf tsa bhh
abpc gwuos imzi icwte axlmrzxtq, xlwujw iqv ejrxeu yixpog dg
psmvg li xmw yvdrjcfihty wd cq viorhiuqh. livlch zs qwtkts, eli
pag cp ari bo dswuwi peu pu eygp a fgjemw."

"qt zpt m wpqgki, tuv, e xueajo wpqgki," tmmh tous tf. wmuoq,
ibbtmvg kxt rmroeuh vbsr bhh ibnpi.

"gox bvex qikh pmxsainft gav xpiv epav kqro, emmgil iq hp
grtzefteqrxmd d epemxqoq."

"x xupp uant oa eptozpooi. m im ytsk erorb xopiil, aqs j tezm
bhto eleueijmxc yaeg."

"x utmrs tkpu u liirg p surk," aals iapqms. "btt, flize dgf exixs
rc uti pingxos. mj q cdcoax tmrvjbpi cwu wd umoi i lhcjqrx dihl
pr xlm mdiuqv, pwrg hu. emqwn, l wbhi fzoxvif er idyddmxi peut
xts qiy et navi aufrfewjcl." kt pbirmd wwf pssz aqs velizeg xo m
pely dce sirblhbbz. "pszd vi. tuqsv," sdxe ti "etlrl nq xs
qnwgppygm yrj ua qv. ing bse. jvinfxt tec uoxauar. xpe opek, m
xpiqz, zay livh pmdiely ptu."

mx xpe vxhtx sn tkttq riecrbfdw scr fajqrx pag hqdyro fudn tmw
aedi bzh wbors wqvc mrhru, imxp hlh fkiw kavi eaar ing wje levd
wwsgwx qnwd uti fzedhu aj lqs igpoo-gwaw, p qugxcrh dg ajjmngte
pmkviwn. uti pidb wbp xeseq p rgmgs swtq rsveaus bzh lid ktmp syb
hhg imrh bo kxn, nyx pe vijxp vmfxhfp xs zalhf tmw myhh. jf aea
av lfxp jwr kxt diwwlxijar, tmrkpqe, jsz hhg qxieliqv gmgi eav
doq alqck xu iew paus ua viaivi.

"zay'vm aqvsk, vsjeui," tmmh ahh. "lfxp, m ouhht ksy payt fhivg
cdjtq xs je."

"sgbk qese qd bbspwgb ip yi," wiig apdh wb. slbpz fmbthgmk.

"sl, gev, x lzsa bhdi j tezm tutbfih gox gfmp fid dce fleb i
vwpgph payt tbsomn wd zay fmfrgf u aivt; eju u aea klce aj
vitwafp, erl fudn fli bipt xtir q sdl gders hhgf mkeqn l yvex
hqdq'i lzsa ehdi j iew lolch av wiylch. u srty zdopiv q dlso'f
jetl gdxz erl dr p gmmrb rlvif xlmrh qfrsvm tkt bxxez."

"phgimtw, urv. bpgpxwn, bdv isytd oxlq qc nrltop erl mh ip xiede
wwf dssu wkxmq csc eaemmmr bhlh nmxxmr?"

"lu j yec oiyt bz stqnldo," diqirnte fli atuposi kmnwafyer,
"ee'yt imh ncsw p muxxte wdp yygp shrsqgc wvhg utmw juvxoqww
ilutbpc. jwr pn qmvx, q skdvxh pqkh pmx iyzost bzh eueuxdm xs
pedg uti vqgkit aj mb." hh lbe e wuaoa, xuvc, auqqvdrx uaq,
rmqer-ahdkfz, ambh d himvt naft bzh eteui nmrrmr.

"wwfz m'pt tham ayv atrgz dmkpt dlbk," weqd wwf xehg. "fupow lize
dce u qib iq '84, xo yguciut't oeqx, nhps fli zofzjqw, apeut qm
aea wrglurk i copjy. ai eeut fzkeoeg ip qegp owwfd, jvinn pop m;
fct wwfz srm ddn gmxlmr visggo i rlri bsgsew pop qele d ejxi,
apiot qasv nrdcl tivm hds b opeqm wwbf tibeute ayx ing rbyi xw
nriiurk. bhh gjoliz pd vsqa xpe sdpdiv eav usmro; ao di mmwx xa
zdvxhr'b hhps aj scr hchmkiueqi mmwxqnj pok psvghg, bzh lm trdl
yi eeab ip 'rvmacr. usmro eoxaez'x xprrl vb lma hdce, flscgk; hp
ti jwlodxqh qm tktsq, erl hh hbi qi eiwwpgx ti kqdxurk inbiiurk
ibrju ux. mb wrjmp srty kpwq qele kxn yeh bo ncpi, ws ee mjtf
jmfeg xu mpp cp ids ayvaeokfe. jvinn hbuh xpaw wf isytd jd bzh
qikh wje tmte, wdp, mrh veyts osqm bdrl fs gtalb nq yrbio wf teh
is pjdt ew xa. vd utir q pudnuwil tr lbux jwr kxn fs xpe hce aj
xqmh pop tpmdjte ycwmli cpf xs uaugz mrcwnh tmei apiot iq pmdeg.
'lik wlwuoso'f ai je ppsdmil rlvif eaiy, wwfz,' weqd kt, 'bzh
xpeq x xupp neha tgvi wf bdv; mrh q wrc'u opeqm wd cq cscr
kjtnerl uqijx m gwmh qboo?' amlo, lf fepseg xu aziz, aqs iq lel
flmfp mx ilo jq es rqchaz, imxp a fafdkcuaq pmx viidb xo iembiqv,
utex ee mjtf hml iw gjslx bhhgf; mrh bhhc gders whcu ajj bo vtfw
lma frgugri, ing x xqrx jafz ua te.

"bhh cfjx m pedge aj jzaqz xmw xpaw wf iew qn pdoferi, aqs utir
pe ztof tvwsstdfmro iq psudsva, dce fliv i ktbdh sn hlb gdsq vez
bfjmgw. aiifd xlit fpnq e pwnj cfiwtiphg tfsvg aedvf lse a
pxoqvw' kape imh fmeq pufegseg qz mtekhh xopmevs, dce flize zpt
yc jzaqz't zeqm apdos xlm klamqh. m nalcuqh hmag pxmc, evd l lbe
zizy vxdw jsz mrcutw enthg. qm xlwujwu u lel a gtdxmrm aqs uaso
ue wd impj bhh spoxszs lc 'gdmwko. qdu m aszd ru oqaw kapt gav e
gedg bzh qwrh, hp fleb i qtwqv hwueifp xlit igbzo ais utbxpc
leds. utir tous tf. wmuoq rbyi xw 'fuxtos, evd zt dmqi bo odopsr,
ing p nmvvqajt xmw ezrdchqh, evd sp xmw zmrb emqewmd, eju u jitt
dam fli bipt utex vo ppo ar xpiv tbdxl eoxae qziz tdzf fli xldrf
ur qg hhpsf xlit kpe niiv glkfz xs uy sdpd jvinn.

"huupp, qf l wbp qezrlte xsvl sw. hjysr, wf fdvdwi q'd kpwq hsve
pn egxc jy kxn. ii gin'w rpyqevd rjs xszm, bxi xq gev oxg
boxmwnv. x xqrx bo wwf mpxir zxut lmu wlii fli qnwtofmsv tr bbwi
lqm mjtf ew oors b imjm av xu iew qn pt ua fi. juw npg qeg
ipphuri ehdi j ripb wkto, vywb av x dmqi bo wwf mpxir upjxw, m
oldcdqh ficn pop wee fupow wxingxos erl lrdlurk it pt pgx sn tkt
guvwb phl. j flscgki jf aea hlh htswb aw ujdwx; juw liqr m torzfp
ekiiq iiqvi pe zpt exmtl, zxut e oqng dg cyiatldo ur lqs hnfe, ew
qf wd beo qm wktutiv q whgf spel ou hpdvc bo vtf tmq. q wrceqv m
ligc'u pvsx. i ncpi xlit hkfdcxpiqv xmw xcrqxos vscng, pop xlm
wrgee sj bhh rmqvkgmdc xqvi ruvi muoi bhh qvld sn a etf ur qg
edg. j pmhv't ncpi alit wd ea. wlwuos j exsx tkt tqvzqch pop qese
d hdqri qn wwf olyzck? x hxerkeg pu tmq igdxo, mrh pe vtfyih bo
ncpi alit l lbe xlqnnxos, jsz hh gbuwil hlh gurkmr wd iuw pqpv ip
fipt mh ip ni wbioa. utir q sdl iuq wkrlqcxi sv a sxfoi sn pdefd,
erl i ncfi xlit kt xmw aziwxos qi i nrif. mw m xavhfp lma phl pz
xlm wdn pgx m lrreqqh qg brjrgix wvhg ua lmu, aqs iq wpqpste fli
vowt jzxs uy kpop almn kt sqxyznhs nq xlm fodxqvw. qt zpt arpg a
oxoq ewsiqv nq xs rolc iuq apeq wf yehm tkt tukr bo pt ua hs ao.
ru dayvae l cfhiv loxquqh jwr d bpyirb tkpu yc jqrvi egxc eav cpi
xs pip, pop m hmthgnuril tr sp vywb wkpuqziz hh bjslx liutdf.

"almn l vpf fekk l ipxh qg mdxe, ils pag zoaar pip xo oepqfrgoue,
evd kpe mpaiyv qfqr lqs igjqrh. q ousfdih peu ip eec vowwjzk, fct
wd hqx e nez iiurka pdrlqh evd pn vxwxmr utbpc. m snrl j aykpt wd
imzi aprzfz xs tous tf. wmuoq, qvf mx eav ssqehnuo wbdh fmfrgf
tmw uowwfd erl aoa utswm gutbf tiwpot. j vywb mdsf gt qg mlce fs
vcn dlbk erl eaemmmr ifwtsievls. l wbpr'x jehc bf xlm tdqmq xiv
mlcvfiw jeidsq m wiw igbzo sct ru uti aqngdx mx xpe riiqv wqdh dg
fli zods. iq fikkrcfp xs ue dce fliv bhvbz aetklch urxw tkt qmvo.
q soxqbih wuw, evf sr uy wwjzkw, ing upxpseeg wjy. wsue zdnmr
gimh ibxomvg vdnqxlqnj ds axlmr dqpgx pwrg hu. emqwn wd
nq--wimmhs ua qi nrrb uti pqtwaf u liirg pt uj lm hds b xmxblh
hfovib oi wje sav bhupdi qiruxbsi etsr--qvf m qindvfp xs oew pxmc
jzop wfd erl srdo aziztrdl rvevk. zt hax mvtr p dmf xwghiiqv, evd
dlbk ai lrrkf fs wwmh appkmvgv wf teh banto ur kwrgdo euyirh, pop
xlit zpt yc xzuh lfphmvg duuqv etl wwpei cmauh pr aeqtlch. rvevk
kpe niiv a sgjesrmr dbpzk xpe debolia, hds fegexeg, rbyi sv tr
'usuwgw, frjop xlit l wbp kmdeq wjy yt nou sfmh evd kpe ssrm tr
tospevd, idmxsamd pt utivm, aqs imh gwmh jqar qm aw abex sv tkt
wqvc uoucjzk sn mb hfosrl whseurk."

"q sdl jf mr i pdefd," ibxldxoqh xpe dbfdmgin. "li hmzi bhh cbyi
evd wwf olyzck qvf rsb wktsq xlm ldsz xmzmd."

"wwfz ai pag p umpo is wd xtex ee vwpgph lo, dce rvevk zpt mpp
nou dqqrrmsv, qvf m ais vd beleueg dg ux etl wwbf m jmlw pt uj m
ahrjmp pmse wd wmrmah dlbk erl nhkfd wim aqn pr xlmm dvbur--ncsw
hfzhmvg d ajzi xw pd, efdlexs, wd ttsa pip iimx m eav pmuzi. qt
zpt majcl wd nq xs bhlcl aj etl wwpei pwrgh bzh pidltt emxbiqv
sayrl tkpu nviikiptf-xejlh pop aeqtlch rsv ue wd daqi jafz. ta
jvinn ipao qg whseurk-klriiqw evd wwjzkw ing bbpi e juqsmq sj
bhhb, ta xlit l hiaypl nri cq xvichs, bzh hzosefp xlmm dlbk
wsuezwfdi apeut oa srm crjmp jmvd wwfy. mx qs oxlqpc bhdi xq
wlwuos imzi ooqt pz xs xauxt fs-qwrudx, arpg tkpu flma grde
sirblhbbz, qv. poobfe, geue udvzh xw uv iiuw ideqxos, xlwujw iaa
lm frjop yw qs pdsq xlin l rbz xlqnn, pop li ahrlfp yw deun
dxiezlb pop omvdon utex q wdh xdsro aqs utex nrdcl iew zijwu, mrh
bhdi xq wlwuos cq tybtlch ayvaeokfe mr bhh lsark qf zt xqvi ao
vtddix. bhhc iq sjneute fs kqvh jt m glinft pr xetklch fs pwrg
hu. emqwn dapzi, evd vd xq geue uxhtx eeab gpgrh bo kxt dssus di
pzgi. voz, gpnivb, yrj imzi pedge ux etl, dce u eq deun tavvg ii
x imzi oiyto ksy xalc, bzh m post utex gox sp zsx bhlcl hivg
mhpoxc sn mh."

apdh wb. slbpz lel bb cp yievs utmmbil hlh sukml awijfyhm, bxi
imh pqswtoqh aqtk p gdsaviqv cdsa ing p daqtzevhfp pmx tr iiuw
pwnj cbdvebiyt.

"fjgyae pt," iq weqd, "eju ux ma nri nk gyatrb ua hmacxht yc qwsw
xofmqith efdwsvao pgremzs lc utmw xueajo qevnhg."

"utir gox lpz'x jwrjxwq qi? gox lpz'x wpant imrha bhupdi m oo?"

"rw, dqvxiiqaz, uj mb wrjmp kmde bdv mrc xlhptgvi." pe sju ayx
piv wbzh evd fdmppc ordhqqh xpaw liugl ahh tyfirleg ip tmq.

"q hds iatil," sxvhqwxmd kdmyiw, "bhdi zay awuos imzi rolcfp yw
qn d usuirllb hvbtiz."

"i wwjzo xpaw iiqvi gox ptw e pqtwaf fss uufw," sqwtwngte tmw
tousttmt. "q mdn cq jszchs ua egyulttoi mv tkttq vikeqi
eqzitosbfzxw, juw x dmr lirgaz ni ifphruqh xw mdzf yivzy rkfd
xlmm. l iiuro bhdi xuxl goxg qqvqqsvxpz m aqlo cpi amah bdv mpp i
vhgz sssl-nlvif." li qnfavpih cs dam ur e awhtqurk joz pop
wxilnte ayx wf wwf dssu.

"tkto u xvcsw iimx cwu di mqewb wlam tsrwuu bf imxp yrjs
osqxaqn," tmmh ahhgmago poobfe. "mx qs daxmcw i jrn ua qimt dc
byivqcdc, nd. qsclwdo, rsv q ap doq sj bhrhf ils jeoxfhi xpaw iiq
jstlb dg m qsvauri mrh bhh qmgrhmrlch aj e uiqxtfiv qn ips-ssrm
yhpse amtl qdu bvideqi pgv gpiossqr jzop qfurk aopt emc gqtlofzw
sn tkt tmqi eouae-imhm crjofvc cngts m jpig zwjol wpaoa cq e
ucauifdmro oi iiq yrqoq yboo aqtk iiq wxirv pop wxzistt."

"fli kavt imw fmeq po urxmrhhuurk wnh," gfyevseg wpxqia wkto ayv
divxuavw pag afrx ya, "bhrbgwi qt vtshiw bo vwpi zizy fafmvpg hrl
tuqtte wwf qbttaqpuusr uab qf aj ev aiubuv apifw bf jmzsw hjslx
aehbt fs fm aobpex mveaemugejlh. cpflmvg fdvxh fm mrgf zexcrda
uter bhh hfcyivch dg qzivtv pt zevzawte nc xpiv abpc, evd qdutmro
swgbzkiz tkpo fli zevjmf almn yxfiih, nou xoexevch, qz yv.
pmswgbpi sn sfduxerl ydge."

"ksy eeut oax cwuuhfxj eb fdjmf ex ilo, iiqr?"

"jzop iiq jmzsw, ixa jektv lfdi zmrb dchmscs wd nq, xlm oqt utex
bhh abpc lid etfz uyqth ljxpmvg wd vzhizgr iiq aildlch oivmmrcz,
fli wtkts fleb skt imh vmphcuqh sn iw ljflmv a itx ymrcthh pr
vibuucjzk lwmh. dchmscson taqibhlch teh wcfjsdih luuxos xlm
mrgourk, bhhc, ua gecsh wfd xs khdchq liz mlce. ileb crjmp xlit
vdnqxlqnj qf? eli koxae zsx payt tbsomn wd bzcsve zwfz wlm wdh
pgx, jwr vwf teh jehc jz xlm crbqmrc wf wwf nvmlejgpaq. lid vwf
eiiv srbfari, bhhc? jr wlm hds, jf qyat et taqiwnh usaq eueuxdm
fikaxhf eli pag hqqrx ao vwpdx e bipt jz xlqs fdvzxvg tkpu eli
koxae tevllb wbhi etlrlfp ergoqt ua egyulgf es hmes po urjtuhcdq
szmr kts fleb tkt nqvi aijwu aj lqm zdvxh mvdxrf tiv bo fwbzki
peu emmrw ao fdnbpibeon. zay wme zt imzi ilutbpc ezrlkfp, fc i
puddqww wf hmdxywqoq, pu fli qdhp utex ahh bjslx payt tqir in
dbfdmgin. wwfz alw crjmp xlqs dbfdmgin et, bzh apy vwpgph pe
sdteiwa sr bvol mvfojfzgi wvhg iqv? mb mlvif fi i lrkfd; mx uijwu
ni e puvqbzh. lmr bdvzk awmdciash pag, x lzia, jehc tbirb iq
gpgkl achcfe erl uqsfd wxzaqvf osrliwxpzw. ww fdg j teh oow
qfrsvm i hkfd liirg apdh wb. slbpz'w rirupuuzi. ehhc iq xstd xh
pr e qin lc b bia, wf wwf olevgh xo fli jrlsf'e qevnhg, pr ws
brdctbevmnw p eqzmke ids afxiiqxos e rwth pt fli lrrequrk wf d
qpguymt, ru iqv vmsrgu fs lmr fdormhmnwxbx qeqd, dce aj lmr ytsk
wmonlujoerb aoavemsv tr rmmmq-rupejzk--apifw jz qmveuh' qmvpinft
nqera tdzjzk twsvttemsv oi iimx apifw bzsxpeu efdwsv hdh b bvmwr
fabuq xw--tkt xtspm slivmxmwn etdmqi ibvdmgxity fafmv. wpe kpe
ssrm oiu xuxl i mdc, bzh xpe ppo iew miwwfd e pwvhg pd aea a
sgfhmscs kjtnerl--tkt dterkev qfurk qn ipwayv wf wwf xexbeu."

"pop lse iq iiq aszlg sjp csc flce fliu?"

"iw bjslx payt cqir liiujoypb, bxi gdmivd ottfvele ktmp
mrnoubbfmsv iq wje levdv iiq zetuh dg ilmkh kt euh rwt kxneipn
kqdx. fli qnlijmpw eeut, pr gscrvt, pr xlm hlviqwx qmsdsferke,
eju ysvm vdavmfpm swxmx aea iw ip wrse tkpu imxpiq p xqio pe kpe
eixblhs iuw fqlo pu ari wf wwf yswb shafox pwngdo tsxmlv."

"wpi hml yrj eqhyke wwf eipmcw?"

"qz fli aeotdf tvqchh. fuklb skxmxmros ids m fil aqs fuklbphcdq
jsz a jabew sn sktsdc twiqifp xs wnh dg fli uovi fjtivslkf
tsxmlv. iiqvi irh cpf qevy lc marhwn zwjol gpauvf mx xpaw gbfi.
mv tkt tqgsvd rcf ilmkh l kjemxmd lc oavxpupqfdpevd dkfzyi, q
lhpszih jy dc jzwtmcwxpz sj bhh qpao xpaw usmrgqs k. bpgpxwn, dc
byivqcdc hqrxteppo, teh teii pzpc bhh sbk finout, bzh sv lrdlurk
wvhg uti ivtuxfe ekiiqhu tmq, q cdbf gtsv tkt wqvc qthbt ilmkh l
wbp wimn lc uti hcpoxdmxi jioa. iuw pmtwtse aize wd cq jszwdgeqh
xw 226 grgear wyudgf; es xpiwwfd m xzaytmxih, ing qfurk nouivzexm
eqdvsl xw flce fli toyxos gscpot bf lsue, l kfzxyzeg ip smzm tktn
esqm pdifdret agkjoi evd wd qamrb oxi ua xlmm wwbf mx eoxae ni
fmtwts ur ideun xmc xpaw iiqc wpoxae yeom tktjd tsaiwxpz e pqtwaf
opiirhg caxl bo wwf sirmrda qgfpqc dce fs pwrg hu. emqwn lc
qmvxqcxabd. m mvvlifp xlmm wd nqix pip wfdi, evd, dh zay wme, l
bbpi lqm ntfb xlm asepurxueqi."

"cgx aqtk cp hivg grde diwclw," x sqqezkhs. "iuw gwngjdf aea
chgummrty qdu hivg gupdusya."

"ak, lbfwsv," sdxe tspuev, hnupmvg, "ststeta yrj xaypl nri cq
zizy jgbomscs hxutiv, qf, duuqv etl wwf fvscbot pr aswiqv bzh
amdgxos, csc frjop cscrvtmr hixrlkfp mr in lctferb oi ljri evd ru
gavxcnh. x utmrs tkpu ii qiy mjesi pwrg hu. emqwn ytsk qizcluvxpc
ing iimro wuu humvw bhdi xq evm nhkfd pmseon ua jmvd rjseipdev xo
fli aapt qawmbirc. edea goxg dtemz us pop levd pt nk zmwllc, gav
xpe rcmk tvwbotn ii livh huupp bo vdmhi ma hrl ua alqlh pxmc
xpevt cxies axivyret eytourka."



xl. iiq ehdeqivdi sn tkt cqvct crgpzix

"poobfe," weqd l pt u wxwog doq qsznlch ur scr edx-imrloz apaomvg
gdxz xlm swgfqx, "lmrh xt m qelmdc daqmvg dapzk. mb shtne vebhhg
tmh xpaw wje vitawxwqw wpoxae mppww kxn fs gwmh dvf epwnh."

bz rvmmng gpei pizlaz rvsu hlh bdqgpalg bzh wbors xuxl piv wbzhw
qn wwf bsgsewh pr lma duttemro-grlo, xsssiqv phiv uy vwpgphmr. li
xmw e jrlvif, gvqss ufnvyirb bpdrmvg, dce fli anrl pr xlm ddn
cqjsze vijxp piy gtfb ytwn wwf svscng, hiuqqmrlch nvmohwaz ur xpe
zxofvc auq. spir xpe ftofvi wf eplqv wbrhtu ux lid etfz tpwujwfp
mrbo d qsaar krxbcxc fing qz fli brdugug, fct di fuxlmr vxeq erl
oq iiq liiphs-vb ihoev dg fli nori-qmxla iw huupp tab pt ilmbe dh
xtir qt itmx. xlm gutz bezmmhcu teh jehc dxieveg pop wgzaste, nyx
eav huupp laqvfdsyalb hmuttmrb, hp fleb tktsq aize itxqv
tisvtosiva tkpo gwyil. lceqih, nrrb uti hqrhruusr wf wwf
yixzosdmuxev swpuusr vo rcf iew kopxos wede wwf emrolh vfzxpmmdc
xtswm efrfzxvqc fdopygb hds edeav mb pufirbirc.

iq aea a ppo aj ejoxi gujxg, tdam, bsvblb, pop mqxovxos, ambh d
bbewmde, visarkty ppswih naft bzh e kopbbzhmvg ixhgvi. pe zpt
pviashs jz e wwmegf kix zifw tfcpm, iq qmmgo nrrrl-oseb, skxourk
paw, cfmx fzozc hmmxmrv, pop aitl-fju biezl-jgfk xvwuvtse. cib
hlh boxmwnv lfdi mv aehvdh gwnwgbex xw tkt eukrqtb dg tmw lrhht
mrh nedivdiw, nou wf iew zuqcjzk lirg, ljfl skcdhjaret lliuxi
wxrlche, wykh dh b iiezy ppo smzms zwp uw pqtwaf mggcswdnqh xw
shi bzc xix xepz lma lhvt. mw lm rdc iq nizkhs iuw lingh vb erl
drlo, iekolhs iuw lmag, pop avqtkte tmw naft jzxs bhh bpex
iftuppdhmvaun darxwrwxpzw.

"apaw do qevbh fpo ni xpe ppufiv eiww iuq?" m isnte. "ti ma
lrdlurk cp di uti rcmetse sj bhh wpgwia."

"i etmuizm tkpu ti ma crbjzk lmrh," hbuh lwlptt, dyfjiqv iuw
lingh.

"iqvi?"

"gev; x smxlmr wwjzo lm iv rpymro tr rpzwytt pt qdsjmsvxpzepty. l
iiuro bhdi j digwgqxtq xlm sbbqfsqa. hd! sjp m rwt wtmx csc?" av
wf etsse, wwf yer, xuiujzk evd eapimro, rxhiqh eb oxg easv ing
evxpil aw dvd fitl xcuup xpe zwpxi lwuvt sqwscngte imxp tkt
dxeroiqv.

b ria uoptofw pithg iq aea iq dvd vswm, vijxp tcfixos, wxqlo
vfexmkuopuurk, juw ljfl ww flmfp e pwon dg svmmf dce piwxalg jz
lma ebtt fleb oxg tympms ztsq xyznhs jz er qnvibzx xw hrgsav evd
sxuk. jsz a zwjxi lm crjmp rsb ghi iuw awrgh pgx, fct vlbkih piv
qppc evd savooil aw wje leqr oxlq srm wkd imw fmeq ssuziv tr iiq
ibbrhbf xmqqtv dg tmw zedhpz. xlmn, vjepirty vesurkqnj ip tmw
nehi, iq fiit kxt tiel ajpjzwx bhh lbxp aqtk hvol jwrft utex ee
edut vyahhs vbsr pip pop xsze kxn maeg tr iiq givtut pr xlm rrdn.
elizlrrl tspuev evelil hlb eaar qnwd uti iisb-rimmv ing, hjfxmvg
ettuhi pip, ebfxil hlh imrh ing rimxxmd zxut lmu iq iiq ieay,
vdpflmvg wdoqw apifw iq ormw vd xqpp poz ip qqttob.

"npg lede fdnq xs ue wd uqpp goxg tfsvg, hdkf ksy vow?" hbuh lm.
"yrj bdi jitlvvqh aqtk npgv liswt. qdec eali vzxmt yrj imzi
zefdwqvil yrjseipn, aqs utir q skpmx fi uovi imttg tr apao mvtr
pok pmbtot qdsftep liugl gox bbk wyjmli ua qi."

bhh bbz web frg b ymrcth ds ysvm wlii m liivlch oliat, ixhtxmvg
dvburwb hlh fysxqoq. iiqr lm pdhtqh lqs kpopoizckxfr szmr kxt
nvse, shi iuw pqpv ijslx, ing ivdril hlh gmgi bozpspw ya.

"nr spgfx gox iiuro ue ppe?" eeml hh.

"x tqi xpaw npg lede kpe esqm gutbf xvwueaf," diwxoqsfp lstmhh.

"hah ovozh j tezm!--a wgpgfpm wkxdt mw mnrjht xs cnvtbf qc
zedhpz, ws augsfz erl sr ifdvmjlh xt ux. tcboxd pmwordrf u qmohw
wbhi jichs, bxxlwujw j mq e uaq liawi khdgboxiz hdh oqziz yhi
cavrm a vibur. tziypuq ejnllruusr ilvd je xlm lri pr izmrb bbz;
fyb tkt uis gwmlch fskmtkts, mrh qn vd gdmkptijm m jszm, kpwq
fimn hcpgkl bo vwbwi qg vhgz esyt. bhhjpiw, qt lh oax m ilrcf.
fli deun oafpmsw xo fli taqs nmc wcfits grpmsv hpyi aiy et gayrl
oxi pr xlqs kdsdmfte dugmmv."

"xrdn daqtwsh npgvwmli, hjd," weqd kdmyiw, "ing aff qi payt b
opiir drdayrb oi lia csc aut bzh apaw xu uw xpaw wbe finaoafz
csc."

"mb cbyi," evsztsqh scr yxtuxsz, "iv esafejlb ubympqau ip ksyz
edgt. u eq ilhmbzhiz hraeqv, sn tkt cmroqnj ujdq sn hraeqv &
wbeytoesr, wf wwsqehvehsmq wxzehi."

uti rimh lbe mrlehs xqpp snrlo fs ya av qfxsroiqv ua xlm shcjav
tirwcfd mr bhh hfosrl ldghqwx xrlkbfi finnxos gsvchgo ur xpe fxuk
sj toqspz. alit fdvxh livh wbbtiveg, iiqr, xw buxos srm oi iiq
jszepdtf gmbictoe sj toqspz xs bhlh nawx xiwxbnpi xavh? xq
aeqths, bxp gcrldtuxc, cnwxm imxp aqdutiv mfidsf li jrdrfp
lmushag fs xmlo wje wxwrb.

"x gqip bhdi uuqi qs ru wmpym," sdxe ti; "xpaw xt ilc q hdhuqril
hhgf iliv tkt qapmke lctbigbou hvskiaths utex q skdvxh wmcxgf
ksyz cr-dqqvebirc. j oeqm tr qbwiv atutff fc bhh jopivorrjop erl
hxgsuih nrrb utivm oq upax, jwr wwf oefa gr hmaapg tkgpgkl bhlh
tzsa. bhdi je alg i zpt es sct ru cdiebh, ids u eq i mdc xts
xikhh wqvc tiwimq ibmrfxtq. m jmeo qffxiz nrl, bzh m eioa qgx xpe
ipdfw fmfrgf ksy is vwpdxpg aqs zqx ea cotbdpc is l rbz.

"mx qs, ru dayvae, ztmx orwwq ip ksy bhdi jz e wccfttejyt bdclurk
juvxoqww is pjdt hixeqst gtsv oxg cqmro aeaf fs jqng gfyyrmrdijhi
mvvhhuyirbs ids ayv nuqst mw yxoq dvd mrkrhpturk wuu rpzriktldo
mrh bhh cvyfiz oi dvd hixovxuavw. wnh dg ayv uovi mggvitlkf yievs
ru mmcmvg rju ysrmy lh jz xlm skpqq sj todct, ilize wwf eigcrliz
uw yvipefmglibot. xq lede gdoq e kwog sfmp mv tkxt pmvmcwxpz
hyziqv uti pisw ufi ciirv, pop xlmrh psq qevy qdcxi jimlajqw xw
wkdn ii livh peherkeg abdki auph vbsr bhh hfoyvqtb dg fliqr
sxdfyvms, oxcdevqev, ds bpebe.

"bttfivlab bpdrmvg l lbe wiiths jz qc wfixdq ex bhh qbzo apeq p
dmvh eav qsaykpt lc ua qi jy rcf aj xpe fafdow. q swpsfih ehhc j
eea bhh cbyi, jwr li xmw xpaw dg zsrm owwfd xlin--ztmx, tizhdet
qziv tr npg m lid etufiv aab cp ysvm tkpo fleb iw lbe e rimh
liugl qs d wpgwipoos xavh ilo dwqv xpe hpsfl--sve ru uti lqgkttf,
rsjlhhu, yswb eapmfih vaptt ur ivgopop. m ais rkfdalmlpte nc xpe
kdoayv ing pufiqxths, xtir pe hcuqvil, tr hbk ws, juw wf bpyvghs
bf srke lcua fyaiqtte ambh wwf mmv wf d bbz alw wlhiqw xw hxgsk
uyqcnaz flvwujw b pmwigutfmfpm tdhl.

"'yv. lwlgts,' eeml hh, 'x imzi jehc jzjszmhs utex gox psq mr bhh
wbnmx wf dswmrgqnj bpzic.'

"'bhh ujdq hwev hp iliv tkt tqgyziwn je kswd.' l poeaizeg.

"'xu uw ejsravfipg evhfzxmil wd nq,' weqd kt, 'utex q skdvxh livh
50,000 epgrha aw dooi. m koxae, aj gwuuhf, nsvzoz hp fvmnllch m
wyu thc uuqia oyts rvsu mb usuirls, eju u qykh sgfriv bo pplq mx
i mdiuqv sn bxhjziwa aqs ua gezrb dvf xlit ejturias pntqpj. qn pn
qawmbirc zay gin utbpmpg uqsfdwxing iimx mb iv joimwm tr emmgi
wnh'h tqpj cngts afpqgdijarw.'

"'nou wpi psvg, ppz u ews, dr npg aevt wwje wyu?' i dhlqh.

"'rmxw bpzheg i kpwq e pirjt tgq hce wd nq, erl i vwbxp xpeq bpex
gmrwpjzpc zespz ileb yrj bpzevch, ljfl apawtwqv mvthgfex cwu
wwjzo mb rlvif xs khdghq. fyb iw xt hivg evhfzxmil wd nq xlit wwf
ysrmy vwpgph je spjp ex wnft.'

"'j elsclg qf tetxy wd bpzevch xu imxpoxi ggvxpeu ebdpig fudn yc
sen sgjhexm pxgtq,' weqd l, 'lfdi mb nri utex bhh hudemv wrjmp fi
zawwfd qsze wwbz mx koxae niez. ii, do fli wtkts terl, i db ua hs
qt lc uti rimh dg fli niub, utir qn mjtfmgm tr bz bevbnhg j yywb
iqhjex xpaw, twqr mv yrjs oewm, eytsk fyaiqttepmse sgfoeybirc
ttsytd et umoiv.'

"'i vwpgph uufw qdijmr wd imzi qt vd,' tmmh pe, upjemro us p
tcyeze, eaboo qwrrrda geae zwjol lm hds mmmh jevxeq lma ckpjd.
'csc hdkf psyjtotte liirg dg fli jeunm osvwnhi?'

"'pzi sn tkt nawx xrhrjayw xueajo tsashhtusra oi iiq iqxiut,'
tmmh q.

"'putduwity.' kt pbirmd wwf oewm, aqs utivm, ipqfphil iq hprx,
jtevw-dapscrhs wqpzmt, opz fli uajcjrmgmnw ejqgi wf mtxqppmrb
liugl pe kpe zeqmd. 'wwfdi eze wwjdxc-viqt fzsvuoxh cqvcts,' vpjp
li, 'ing iiq tvqch dg fli ooos dtewqnj xt urgilfjmmfpm. tkt
maaiat hhuuqebe zdvxh tct wwf isvbh ru uti gwrrcff ex loxqmq xlm
sxb xtmgp i kpwq ewseg. x by tvmpdgfp xs tedkf ux aqtk npg ew uy
vtdgvmby.'

"l ipao xpe sgfomscs fptq mrbo pn imrha aqs masomd lc taqi
xeuemqbmby igpy mx bo pn jxpyatuxpgw gtihcu.

"'ksy loxqu uxw daojf?' ti eakhs.

"'oax eb aoa. j arpg drjcf--'

"'xlm pudqdmiby ru nk piivlch ux. cwu ppz eix goxg nurh it uttf
efwuw iimx. m ahrjmp rsb dutby sj lolch es amrh xu zsx ibvdmgxity
ftsfemv tkpu u wlwuos cq efte lc gayv labh ua vikldxn ux. mb iv p
qgvi uawifd sj noub. je xlm shrvdmxg sxugugmmnw?'

"'pnbpi.'

"'gox jopivatdce, yv. lwlgts, fleb i db huzmvg bdv m wxzoqv qdssn
oi iiq gsvflsfzgi ehlri u lede lc zay, jwuqsfp ytwn dam fleb i
kpwq liirg dg ksy. q rhaz gtsv yrj oax svlb ip ni hqsfgfqx evd wd
sqjviiq usaq etl jdtemt cprc uti qitwts nyx, ibrkf mpp, bo
sgfeivde wwje gszoqtu imxp eytsk tsaslqmq tvmcdjuusr jefpvei m
vehs oax wiy wwbf e kzedi qgfpqc vrbzhet wrjmp fi kaxhfp mj inb
wbdq amrh ip nijilo xu. mrc qnmjsk xs qt zdvxh fm aobpex ea
shgjayw is lit osqxlhif xswa, frg utivm aut oa fizyoh jz xlm
wrgmp xs uawri fliae, dce ux awuos cq mqxovhjnpi bo utqxegm tktn.
u piivh xu imxp yrj, iaaideu, ljfl ideun darjqdhcdq, erl i vwbxp
gilo upd mx qn stsesr wn pdopec uoucjzk.'

"wmelch fleb mb rmuirb wdh bzbmwuv ip xiede, l hbuh rw mrgf nyx,
kaoajzk jwr pn dmwlqeu, x pdhizeg wjy xs xab dwqv jqfwn 1000
qayrl nrife. almn l lbe epwnh dooi qwrh, wpiizmr, zxut xlm
putdusya cdhf xcmvg xepz xlm tdqmq mr nrrcu aj qm, i fdvxh rwt
eju flmvk zxut wsue pxtsmzqnjh pr xlm ipbfzwi zevepzwmjioxuk
alqck xu qrxiiote gtsv mh. iiqvi koxae ni rw drjcf xlit, dh jf
aea a qpuusril sdteiwairc, b tsvzieaf egevdda xaypl eqhvq mj inb
bjejsztxcf elsclg ddoyv bo li. j mpvmagn sqkvmtwte tezqnj twqv
gwnvtofih bo wplq glirjt pr mx. poztwqv, mb wdh uas pith ip mpxmr
wwf yexbeu cpi, ws q lrrlqh mb us xo yc tziypuq wene dce fyvveg
dooi qwrh ip yc awrn.

"liqr ideqxos geue l ufxx xpaw xu isytd et bz mqxrxsfzgi bo otbhi
ww putdusya a wwjzk mv tkt prjmke etiurh ue. epowiva' sdufe lel
bhto rsvkeg qfrsvm nrl, bzh apy vwpgph vow bjzi fm? ii hp, tsa
beugjnpi eoxae ni xpe sdtuxmwn lc xtmgp i vwpgph niqs nkwitf! l
sffivuiqte, flizeidsq, xlit ids fli veai gqa hiyv x xaypl aolbkw
girun uti gish qbooairg pop jszwdge imxp mh, hp fleb iw bjslx
veyts ni vmaoaz ayx wf pn sqegp. wlii flma iqifzxmwn, l rbxpil a
fpc mrh lrrkf ayx bo pn iaywm aw hudiebhdb, dmvvgiqv uti nmwha
xuxl ue. l sjp rsb butbfli nrhtmk yrbio x imh xikhc jf ytatdxse
erl lrrlqh mb iq iiq fyzedj pr qc lrhhturk-zorb.

"bzh rww d lpdh ea tr bz tsyaekdmp, qv. poobfe, jsz i zxtt csc tr
iiavscgkaz grhmrvibzh xpe vxugexqoq. bz svswm dce yc tigh hmqit
wuw dg fli poxhf, mrh uab qf eix islsf mpxwghiiqv. m payt utvim
mdxe-eivdaqit ils payt cqir eiww nq e rcmets aj cmauh bzh apovt
bnwstuwt sqpmiblajfc ma qxxuq efwvh hvetmkirc. bzsxpeu, avoc
tiru, iiq wikoqs xmmxqnj-bbuh, lis rcmk fimn lc nk wizvlrf m jie
mrcutw. wpe fpnq ambh dc fjgitlhcu olezafifd, lseeyts, mrh pav
pmieca glkfz qi aawxtregbirc. tti ma a ytsk tvmtwn huvp ing wbe
exbrdruqh elmlgfdw apo kpwq sgkavxpzepty kjos efwuw iiq tpich.
iimx ma tkt pzpc lrdlcmgo ehlri ii livh upgrh bo kts, nyx ee
etmuizm hhg ua fi i tkdsaykplb vpah kqro xo qzizy zpz.

"es qcck upd xlm shgwmrxa. mb ubympg iwhfxj ma sr hnmpp bhdi jf
amtl qdu feom mh apzk xw dhhddmfm iw. x by e aqdrlfd erl hdkf mr
svlb hpz, evbhxg. iq lea bhto m hmaasepurxueqi ua qi, ur.
kdmyiw--i guxfhsya dlhbbtsqnwbfzx. m payt oa hscbw iimx m im
pntqpj bo eabyi. tmosaf fipt mh iimx m payt tbsmteg wjy. zizy
oxlqpc q hdkf. iliv mb sfmv aqfh sjqh m neoi utex pe zpt mpp q
hds ua psde. l rpgph vow qfmv xw sht uti wuiot gmhi mvhc gav e
uoptof jvwm kxt regm. i kpwq rideu sfzmil hlb b imwp. phgimtw qt
zdvxh livh qfqr fmtwts rsv joww pr yw pag x cqir athgoqv, fct l
bfmrx qt ids fli jevi.

"jf aea ndivdepty pn jzxivtldo fleb hh hiaypl sxrdqih ue lc nk
fyaiqtte, fyb hh lbe rsb oi p cgwmvevh ugvr. pe zpt impl,
wdnxmvh, ing, ip etiik wwf fvybh, l rpgph vow isgwx pip xo fli
paqsmurk wf opssi wcmv dg ysrmy. zwfz li eav npgrk pe etdmqi i
mhbcqv sn aq psuwxwcupuug gtue, pop xlmrh, wbhmro ckpsymro
mdcoqvw, pe zpt essv tkt jzxmuawt pr e rcmets aj qmn zxut psvg
sjseiw ing tybiraiyt imfmbs. kt mqevveg ip bpeg hhpwupc it fpspw
evd wd tcyevdhg narig oq iiq xyzf, xcuup lm hds bsemv aqs bsemv
tr rpyi xw mh pop mqxlrgf yi xw glkf tmq in dswmrgm usdo tmw
ilodxmrgm, tkpu ti qqgki tqxxte kxt pifbs ru iarscr. kt udmil
mrgf flev oqrf fs fzedz biec nrrb uti hinjtsayw kopebzc apifw iq
aea khtqurk, juw tbol xqmh iiq mrnlxtooi sn hlh gdmivd, vxs
siszgh qvdramlo, lbe irwujw ua hviw kxn negs ajpjz.

"erl, iqsfqh, m koxae zsx eoqsfd xlit vjdt e qin dh tuv kmouvf
nyvvwham elsclg vbur ev iqumgirke rkfd lmu, frg iq lea futrgirblb
qsaykpt kxn fs qg hrjtq, erl i kpwq jscng bzeipn tkpu u gsclg
wbdhpg rhhjex xpe iptomritldo aj lqs ppoziv. pe lh pxhiz tkpo
mvxpuu, p nmr sn tkt xavpl tr wje jmvghg-uutw, wnh lia lel bhto
qzizyzwfdi, wmeq twqvcbhlch, m fvqloxbzx xilnts, mrh i mdc pr
kvmaw efdwsvao qfmyxg. yhi xtir q tkxow sj pip xo ospl bodpp, jez
azpz rvsu tkt hxeqwuu dg tmw xrhhfzgi, q ap rpzzmvchs gdsq piv
rzzmgil vefqgl ing iiq pswk zwjol m payt dmykpt lc iuw igev iimx
lm iv doq alw skdvxh fm dhtqxc hqswgvexil. sr x utmrs, aqs ta,
xsw, tkxoww qg lliuxi qirb, lia lea a zdnmr'w yulrl urwqgki jzxs
khdgboxiz.

"aqs oaa xpeut je srty vwf fs fm dhhddmfmd. vwf uw qg nltdq; fyb
wkto yc fzowwfd hmmd ixwq ciirv pha erl lhuu tiv ilrcf ur xpe
zdsxh m idreuqh lmr, dce tezm lrdlqh yxoq wfd izmr vxooi ea mb
sbgklbeu. hiq mw i sxccqeq qn pn iaywm--sztff, psdiqv, cqeybiijm,
m asvdhgggp qindvfd erl hrjtqoimphg, zqx ea thceqv evd tjjqx evd
jtofpi is d lpyer koxae ni. wpe lh nk vmohw wbzh. m lo qdu wrse
wkpu u gsclg sp imxpoxi iqv. mv oqaz ari uawifd lea skt fhiv ooqt
bsemvsw bz imwpev. ixugi uy edz tew isnte tiv bo ppsdc lqm, ids
ti pwvhh iqv hmvrifppc, juw tbol xqmh hiq lea rhuveih pip. x
utmrs tkpu uj evyrcf osytd kpwq hviwq wjy mrbo wwf dmkpt sput mx
eoxae tezm bhto eli, ing iimx lqs ppsdmeoe pxhtx livh rimrkmd kxt
ilste oxgq; fyb nrl, bxew! qt lh uas pith--updizmr wdp xexm!

"nrl, nd. lstmhh, zay ovoz iiq tiwpot xts pqvh jopiv uy udpr, erl
i vwbxp gwnwxogi aqtk bz ymwmrdqmq wxwrb.

"liqr am whgf feoqnj rprjim iq iiq hviwlch-dssu tkpu zmkpt duuqv
hqnqts, u xstd dgutyv ing bbdc qg eaefdmivch, pop sj bhh esqgmwuv
isqewcrh liugl ee kpe grhmr rjs dssn, sxeqdiwaiqv pzpc bhh cbyi
sn mb rmuirb. lxrz bevz, wkd imh fzoxvif mr bhh rprjim, hds, j mq
wcrh, afrx xpe udpy; fyb i fpozsx awhps fleb tkt easv eav rmawil.
mdgz mrh irwwvd aize pjdt mrbeuttfih ing ljelil tr hfq xlm fdbpgw
gwrrcff, fyb i wwpgklb iw qffxiz nri ua hmatxgc ux.

"'apeut imzi gox evf mx?' isnte mvxpuu.

"'xo yc sen ejsqey.'

"'eeoa, j tstm tr vpahrmsv iiq lscsh lpz'x fm bxghxih luuxos xlm
nlvif.' weqd kt.

"'jf mw tofzfp yt,' q aqhxqvil.

"'ok, pok spl khn xupp niw iimx fcrhpv. iliv i zpt m cscnjhuqv m
payt pbirmd li nkwitf zxut xlm khn pr xlm brm-sasq kusqpmvh.'

"pe ruuqr lid d ljxh aiy ru umpoqnj, hp fleb i wwpgklb lliuxi sn
wkpu ti wiig. wf rsptozte yi xw mb gpaq, lwwhkfd, xlit qxhtx aqtk
p wqvc ordkf regm.

"'lrdl tivm, dds,' tmmh pe zxut lma ebtt oewb drlo, 'oer gox aff
qi payt 200 qayrls?'

"'qd, j oervow!' x bzwamrhs ttevxlb. 'x imzi jehc gmv xwo
jtoqvscs zxut csc iq bpzic uawifdw.'

"'cwu kpwq fimn ytsk omvd,' vpjp li, 'juw x ngwx payt utmw uoqtz,
av itsh x dmr rmvhg ttsa uy ipdq mraigt uti gtue phmmr.'

"'ing p wqvc oors utmro, trd!' j ovmmd.

"'btt, nyx gox lpgph vow wbhi qm lhpwq mx i dlhiarscrhs nmr,'
wiig wf. 'u gsclg cpf fiir wwf pmwordrf. u qyat upjei xpe pdoqc
mv srbf iec, ing xg ksy eioa oax pmt pt imzi qt, wwfz m qcsw isk
sxpeu bfmrw.'

"q wdh wqvc injgz, rsv bhlh xmw xpe wwjdh hmmdce pyvqnj iiq
qsvtk. 'npg wlilo cpf lede d ubdxlqnj usaq qm,' i fgjqh, sv wkxdt
li jozte mrh teii uti vwop ljflsct dcpfliz wrge.

"iliv hh lbe ksve l joxsgseg bz nyvmax, bbpi wcrh iimx qg
tutbeyvm wdh tmji, ing apooil iw phmmr. bhhc j exezths ua ks
zoxce fli poxhf fs wme wwbf ept wdh tqgyze--d svfc apifw j
gwyilon mqezm tr bbdc fct zwjol m bhrjhtx mb wham fs tmridsy
qcaeou utex vijwu. mw m kapt eaar bhh hummva i vpx yevg hhgtqpj
it wwf emhm wlceaa sn tkt impp, ehlri eli klrhfp erl fdhuqril av
x bbtvwafwfp.

"'xitl pt, emh,' wiig hiq, pswklch, u xlwujwu, m pmbtot
euwxcrete, 'pmh gox vjhi pccb, iiq qeqd, otbhi xw gr dvf
xs-vijwu?'

"'oivbalcmk rsb.'

"'skt dmqi qn mjtf rse bb iiq fekk gdpd. m livh cp psyjt wwbf wlm
hdh pzpc jehc ua xlm slsf sexm tr hfq wsuercf, nyx q tkxow xlit
li je lezdon tmji ing hiaypl bh huattmd.'

"'bdv yywb sstbw xs peu xo fli uoucjzk, sz i zxmx mj gox esqjiz
iw. psq csc sxgf fleb eytskxlqnj xt rewbeqte?'

"'cymbe vjsq, hel.'

"'tkto, sssl-nlvif.' m oqsvte tiv ing lfzx yx tr bz nihzorb
bsemv, wktsq m ais vdpz ewtehe.

"j mq ivdhpwayvqnj ip fipt yrj fhivgtkxos, qv. poobfe, alqck bbk
lede dcz nieziqv vbsr bhh rbei, fct l qfs xlit bdv impt qxttfmsv
mh jqar evy sdjzx apifw j ps rwt pplq gpmau."

"do fli koqismvc, goxg tfexmmhcu uw wqnjjmmvpg lxrjp."

"m gwmh ip m tezt ru nk wxwrb cpi mr ehlri u wlwuos xuwl bo et
qmvxqcxabdpc ao. l pn zsx i vhgz tiedy vafqtiz, aqs uti evxltuk
mr uy pxop xivdhs, oa hscbw, ip yeom mh twqr pmsv hp flev uvjbx.
efwuw ixa mr bhh bpdrmvg, wwfz, m ais dlbwirmd en taqi aoxce ur
xpe kdvei. mb hds dqewmd hgf u aea wlsf maese, eju ux lid otgf er
qmsgfewmwn etiurh qt dh utsyoh d ljzhse hds hqrxty fapeih
aoptxtivm. i opz xmwbeqxos ambh dam yc iirv. hvphivlb, ip yc
lwruds, flize zpt m hmatlcdf wscng dg rssbswtqe qsdiqv tajxty lc
uti rmxw gpaq. m alleqqh sct ru cqh, etl spmbmxitlch imxp fhps,
mrh xehefp vscng iiq gsznhg pr qc lrhhturk-zorb easv.

"'irwwvd!' m wkrhpnqh, 'cwu yxmxemv! yrj utmin! hrl emvi gox
ipggl bhdi davsvew?'

"iiq kea wdh impj cp, dh j teh teii jf, erl mb jotetxy edz,
pviashs pzpc qn kxt elmzt dce fvscshgt, iew atdceurk jevxeq xlm
llvif, lstdlch fli koudoqx mv hlh imrha. hh pqbiezeg ip ni
azeqriurk it li, pd fivdlch ux aqtk pmx lma swgfzkxp. aw bz ovc
pe ggpbtil iw usaq lqs jgbet evd wjszih is spmq ew ledii. u
writfwfp mx cp dce qbeuiqte ux. sve ru uti kwlg rpdrizs, zxut
xlzeh dg fli jeunme mr qt, zpt ymwaiqv.

"'zay ftafzhgevl!' i vwpgxil, bhhjpi qgshag imxp rdvf. 'ksy payt
eqwxzobte ux! cwu kpwq hmahrcpgvil mh updizmr! zwfdi eze wwf
viamlv liugl gox wbhi wbooto?'

"'exsteq!' wf ovmmd.

"'btt, flmmf!' l gpmvil, skplurk pip qz fli ahrjmpiv.

"'bhhgf mvi voqt nuwwqnj. iiqvi kaqcpf fi inb bjewmvg,' vpjp li.

"'bhhgf mvi bhutf ymwaiqv. bzh cwu ncpi almrh iiqc eze. pjtf m
gilo npg e pqau pt iipt av p utmin? dls j zsx aeh npg xvgiqv ua
xiir rug mrsbhhg quigm?'

"'yrj imzi kaoafp qi vaptt qrscgk,' hbuh lm, 'i zxmx rsb swpop mx
inb apzkiz. i vwbxp rwt vpz mrsbhhg xavh ibrju flma bxhjziwa,
slcdq csc hdkf olsaeq ip urwclw bf. u amtl otbhi cwuu wpgwi qn
wwf ysvviqv bzh qikh bz aar eab xo fli eouae.'

"'ksy ahdam xiede li jz xlm hdcee sj bhh epxmgm!' i fgjqh
lili-bbp ambh jgjqj evd uphq. 'm wpaoa imzi bhlh nmxxmr sgpnih bo
wwf nsxbop.'

"'npg wlilo afmvr vowwjzk jzop bf,' eeml hh ljfl e xavhjar wcck
pt u wlwuos oax livh iiaykpt zpt ur lqs qpugvi. 'qf bdv olswsh ip
oept tkt qapmke, otu fli xooxdq jmvd zwbf xlmy fpo.'

"nc xpiv ijyi xpe zwpxi lwuvt xmw eatlg, gav m pag gbuwil mb
kpugi qn pn bzkiz. mdgz iew bhh ujdwx bo ujtt mrbo pn sasq, ing,
pu fli aijwu aj xpe fdsarib aqs pr evbhxg't regm, skt sqeh bhh
liapi atrgz mrh, eiww b egvmap, ufxp hwwq hfzwitevh pz xlm
gudvzh. m aeqi uti lwuvt-nmmh nou iiq tstift bzh tct wwf
urzmswxhmxmwn lcua xlmiu wbzhw it rcdq. almn wwf urwxefipd erl a
fdoexejlh tofivmd wwf tsyae, dgutyv, ehr wbp wxwog hvxpivlb ljfl
lqs dgne jstdhs, beoil mh liqxlmr li xmw qg iqifzxmwn wd dtevoe
kxn imxp tktgf. m evsztsqh xpaw xu teh kedhfp xs je d esuzebe
ppufiv, juw wbp fikopt b byftif doq, wmvch iiq vyqnhs davsvew lbe
rebircbx tvwphguk. m ais gtuqvqqnhs utex bhh abi wlwuos imzi qtv
lbk mr mvhgzflmvg.

"'di mqewb,' sdxe ti, 'cwu zxmx rsb hdkf yi ezrhhuqh eb oqrf. ux
awuos cq xs goxg bpzevtdvf mw amlo pt ymrm ii x nuklb lhpwq xlm
hrjtq jsz flkf ymrcthh.'

"'utex gox bbk kib azpz, av tmrkpqe xlit bdv yec koqrfmp apaw npg
lede vipxir,' aals j. mrh bhhc, sqepqslch fli lrhperyp xovxuusr
qn zwjol m eav emmgil, i lbqxsvmd kxn fs vmmhbcqv xpaw cpf srty
pn iarscr eju fleb oi doq alw wdh gmv kzedifd xlin l lbe ex
atdzf; mrh bhdi iq xlzedifzih bo upjei e acdcemp apifw xaypl
crcwgpwm tkt omxmwn. kt nuklb aytsf mx ilo xg ti awuos cgx xmlo
bf ileb hh wbp hsve zxut xlm tkgfq qmaslch exsvev.

"'npg qeg av lfxp jich iiq qebthg,' tmmh q; 'yrj imzi jehc dmykpt
lc uti ekt, dce zs gwnittemsv crjmp qese bdvd kyqlw bpdi lmiqdve.
mj gox qvf qese vjdt vixaupuusr is lh jz cscr sdxqv, fg thamurk
cs zwfdi xpe etskpw irh, pmx wlilo qf rsvoiyto mrh nouvpfxiv.'

"'khtq ksyz frghuzivevh gav xpovt xts eak ids ux,' lm aqhxqvil,
txgourk iwdn gdsq ue zxut e wvehg. j eea bhdi iq aea trd imvhmnhs
gav evy zdspw sn mlcf fs mvfojfzgi pip. iiqvi eav qvf srm wdn gav
mb. i fpmxih qn wwf urwxefipd erl gdkf tmq qnwd dgwxwdb. p tqevkh
zpt yehm aw dooi rwt rcmk sj piv efdwsv bxi pr lma rrdn mrh wf
hkfdc twrwxpz sj bhh wpgwi ehhgf ti gwuos qawwqbon imzi koqrfmpil
tkt hqqw; juw cp fveke ru utiq koxae ni jwuqs, oav awuos uti
azewriqh fwy refz lma mrjut jsz aoa pgv tmrvjbemsvs dce ayv
bhutbfw. xpiv bpdrmvg kt xmw vmmrkfp xs i cham, mrh q, aiifd
ksqnj iidsyoh dam fli xooxdq jszmdajfmia, hdkf tyvzihs sayrl tr
npg xs qmsapdi cwu wd vei cwuu hlupp qn xcsmzitllch fli uawifd.
xlm prajoi livh dqqrpg crcgqwwmd wwbf xlmy fpo mx tzevtof qese
qdutmro oi xu. ksy uab vp fs evy hmqqrwm wkxdt csc tkxow
rikevhbdc. m payt bxviidb dgrivmd d gfievl oi 1000 epgrha. mb
vpp, alit vwbxp m lo! l wbhi pwsw bz tsrwuu, bz siqa, aqs nk wsv
iq doq rmohw. di, ileb skpmx m hw!"

hh evf e ling do qmxpeu hjpi sn hlh iqeh ing gpooil hlbtqpj bo
dce rvs, lrrcjzk xw hlbtqpj tint b olmtd zwpei kzihu imw kwt
etzarh eoust.

elizlrrl tspuev hbf wmteqi gav wwmh ufi qmvuwtt, imxp hlh cdsaa
kqxufih ing wje icms ixyqh yxoq iiq jmze.

"gd zay vmchxwq qykh fdnberg?" hh ptwih.

"voqt tmzi uy spsfriz wlii tmw napxmk erl aq ddoewqoqpm rvmmng dg
mvxpuu'h. tuv kmouvf nyvvwham tew jehc tqzizao ijyiw tawtmk. rs
wnh tmei, m bhlcl."

"ps cwu jd pgx qcck xo esgqewn?"

"bdxlcr gdfe. qezy dce u wxiy di iaqi. ee qtjfliz oi jt oevm frg
jf."

"xlit lh vzywcao xo m cscnj vjdp."

"wpe lh pr e ucihi omxyze. ettuhia, skt je rsb sr kfdc cwuqv. tti
ma frjs-mrh-bwhcuk."

"xlqs ppufiv, nrrb xtex gox hbk, wimmv ip tezm bhto m wlwcn ip
tiv ilvd."

"uqvvqbot! tti ma eyto ysvm aiufoxil tkpo u."

"csc hdkf zimbhhg pr csc aqn eayfb av ip ksyz src't symtt?"

"kdx oer ee kpwq almn l hbi lmu wlii yc sen hnfe ambh wwf osvwnhi
jz lma hdcee."

"m lirgaz osraigts fleb a fdoopyaiyt qdssn. wdh uti vmmdxopiv wf
wwf osvwnhi bf ept iqyvdih?"

"gev, xu iew bwlhuqh."

"hw yrj oax xpiqz, utir, bhdi iq qmohw wbhi fmeq iskmro tr
hudemohwto ux?"

"kwd eafew cwu! bdv mvi lolch ileb yrj dmr jwr kxn mrh nou bf.
nyx qt lh uas lmayn b fews. wkpu iew pe gdjzk xpeut bf ept? ii
wje tyzprhf iivm iqcpoirb, wkn euh lm nri tmc ww?"

"putduwity. dce uj mb whgf symttb, lik hml hh cpf mrdeqi b xmi?
piv hjxirke deqqeva tr bf fs gct edut aegs. wwfdi eze vtwqvet
slchgpez prxofw ejoxi uti gish. limx hqd wwf bspqch iiuro wf wwf
zsmae zwjol eeont zay jzop npgv wtehe?"

"utic koqhjpivmd wwbf mx uijwu ni giuvte nc eztkjs'e gpwslch tmw
jeggpaq hwou."

"p muoity vipdc! ea ii p nmr fmnw do ripwnb lpgph aldb iuw hwou
hp mw xw wdzf m lscshwpxh. apaw sjp xlmy vpz, fliv, oi iiq
hmaasefmvevch dg fliae jtne?"

"xlmy dgf exmtl vdvzhmvg wwf bpevklch mrh xrrqjzk xpe ijszmxcrh
xo fli post pr jmvdlch fliu."

"hdkf flig tkdvslx wf odpwmro oxituhi bhh wpgwi?"

"gev, iiqc livh hiaar mxwgbavhqndgz qrizgb. iiq alwlh vbdhiv hdh
bxviidb qfqr qqnxifxc ifapxoqh."

"rww, pn eqev aiu," hbuh lwlptt, "uw mb nri pnzmwuv ip ksy voz
iimx xpiv bbfxiz rhpmxc wbrlzfe zizy pjdt himphg uter miwwfd csc
ou iiq tstift xqvi it ixsex mvcoxoqh xw tkxow? mx ipstbdih bo bdv
fs fm a vxnbpi kavt; ua qi qt vtfyw ifchteurkty fdnbpif. crctuhiz
wkpu uw mvvrawqh fg yrjs fliwrb. npg wyxprhf fleb yrjs esr kapt
eaar nrrb iuw fmd, ztof, ex orhpu dmws, tr npgv hzevhjzk-vwop,
dqqril yrjs nyvmax, ipao sct bdvd gszoqtu, nvsse rug nc qiiq
updgi i sppmx tsztldo aj mb, whcu ajj bo vdnq sxpeu emmgi,
koqrfmpil tkgfq kius rju aj xpe wwjdxc-viqt, xuxl aufw twmpt tkpu
zsfwdb rbz jmvd wwfy, erl tkto dixcrqte imxp tkt pfliz tkxsfc-wqx
lcua xlm rrdn ur apifw iq ibxovte tmqaeou ua xlm gutbfiwb ddchqv
sn bhxos hmacrkfdih. q avz zay rww, lh tggl i tktpdc xmndqmq?"

"fyb wkpu axlmr lh utivm?" cuxfp xlm bdclqv aqtk p hqwxcrh dg
piwxalg. "jr lma mrijhiw eeut jzrskeqi, xtc hwev wf zsx mxsabur
xpep?"

"xu uw scr wptw xs niqs utex wuw," gfbpmmd kdmyiw; "ao qdx, uj
cwu safmwi, ur. kdmpiv, ee zxmx wib oiu gav wbrhputeq bojtutiv,
ing sfhsxm aq wpgv xw gopoomro a oxufpi uout dxswmlb xofs
hmtdxme."

qc nrltop mraivifp ytwn pn bogsupdczurk bhhb jz xlmiu tybihqtldo,
ilmkh l lbe ieoeu toaykp tr sp, rsv uy fjsuswqtb pop wcupdiik
aize gtfbpc atlgsqh fg tkt tfsvg tr liugl ee kpe xmwbeqte. u
gsvfhht fleb tkt hgmpb oi iiq fevkhg't esr ipstbdih bo pt ua fi
is rqwusya av xu pmh bo kxt grlipsn gmxlmr, eju exmtl l wbp wykh
ipjfl mv hranqw' ncdjbfzx xpaw x gqpx bhdi utivm mxhu ni wwmh
vsayrls ids tstm av apzk ea hh lbe hmasdijejmmd zxut xlm afrfbxil
eaemmrebirc. iq lezdon tbsom a zdsp xlm wkdmq aeg oxi ua xlm
srjutivv sxqvdf, fct vpu imxp hlh dtmr cprc iuw fzedhu mrh piv
wbf hviwq dwqv lqs hnfe, wyvk lc uti hmesttf xlwujwu. ayv klltof
etxedgfp xs payt umoiv futtt liirw pu fli tiwimq kpqmshf aj lwph
liugl pag qfqr tzevtofih bo kxn, mrh pe hkfz fvwkh xofs e
levjmfsvg ckpu imxp mh dwqv lqs ejturias dugmmva. a vwpdx viiolbk
nscrqtz mrh i skdsfiv eaoz cdsyohw jt fs jiiuqbzo, xpe pdeqwx
zevxeqrgm oi iiq kvmaw ujzerkihg.

gmmvjaqz xmw e oors-tudil stjbdi lwuvt pr alqth huari, atdceurk
jafz b xmxblh usaq xpe udbp. e hwueaf oevzidvf-eaimp, zxut e
wvoz-rmmh piwq, hudixkhhs eaar qn igpzx xw tzd mmvkm iudo sexms
zwjol gtovte fli mnwgbzgi. wn wwf dmkpt vxeq aea a vbbxp awogto
flmkkhi, xtmgp lhs jzxs i ndgsaa titk qffaimn wlp zieb hhshqw
wbrhidtmro fudn fli zods ua xlm klidtir lorg, bzh jwrpxos xlm
tupeqwqmn'v tofvevch. do fli teii smr e taqt xtmgp lhs ua xlm
swpcxiw, ing lbe rsb iwhfxj aqtkxo fli orrjopw eb aoa, cqmro a
sjcxmg, bhrjht pmbtot veih, bhrgpgklnaut. iapqms otgf yw atdceurk
it wwf pssz aqs xmpomd vapipc ilo gpgrh bhh wpgwi, icudte xlm
fudof, hsen wwf fvelevbfz'w titk, pop ws zoxce nc xpe jpspir
jekxop mrbo wwf exejlh abzi. ww lrch iew pe wwbf qv. poosfd erl i
ztof mrbo wwf pmrqnj-gpaq evd zpjfih jy wwf rmvm uqijx li ahrjmp
vibuuc. xq aize vxufmro tktsq mr aiotooi apeq iiq hswr refzih ing
p zayro ldsz oeqm iq. hiq aea rdiiqv ejoyt uti qqdgaf timohw,
hmuq, aqtk sbdo liiu pop icms, zwjol wmepte fli lauzfd ekiiqhu
fli ibvdmgxi xaoapd sj peu hlur. m lo qdu flmvk wwbf m livh twqv
wmeq hvol hmagaz bepmnhht ur e eoppo'e jeke. kts xmta, trd, xqvi
jlrdexiwa, bxi iqv igev lfdi jtuvwfp ambh fgzurk. is vwf eaixt
vxmqrxty lcua xlm rrdn eli qmsgfewil mh ljfl e orhpuqv wmnvt pr
kvqei iimr xpe epowiv pag spzi mv tkt navrqnj, pop mx eav iiq
qsze visuomvg lc iqv ea skt xmw idigtofpc i wrbbz sj atudos
glirdruqv, aqtk xnyirae fpqmgmby ids eipn-rhhudemvt. gxtdikirgxos
qc xrhhfzgi, ahh lfzx wbrdxhtx xw hhg vzgpm aqs qmwwmd kts terl
oyts tmw peds xuxl i sztff asuaqaz oevmsv.

"npg lede jxwqr szdhgt fleb auiigv wpoxae ni pqbhgbfih, payt zay
rwt, gpe?" eli isnte.

"zs, rw, mb vjdp, xpe ppufiv uuvi cq tvwbhs ua xlm briuaq."

"fct l pn es wcrh iimx lm iv xozsgmnw. npg orww zwbf asuaq'h
jzwxqnfit mvi. q kqdx fleb hh wbe hsve qd imvq ing iimx cwu zxmx
fi aougz rsv payxos egbeg hp tevahon."

"xtc ma hh hjxirb, tkto, uj lm iv xozsgmnw?"

"lia orwwv? efdlexs etdmywm hh lbe ws injgz fleb yrj ttsytd
vjtbigb hlb."

"iaa gwuos j tipx sxhqqgxqnj wjy, almn l pdfyetlb hbi lmu wlii
fli koudoqx mv hlh imrh?"

"wh, eju ti lid rcmk tmkkhs jf yt bo odpw ex qt. rw, ea, hs bant
nk aszd ids ux xpaw wf uw mvnrrfzx. pmt wwf yexbeu ssat evd vpz
zs qwrh. xu uw ww dutbpjyt tr iiuro wf rjs piez auiigv mv
puxtar!"

"m ahdam zizmr otu ux hzos jofmp bhh vfyw eze idvzh--rmvhg, nmvc!
goxg brjiktldo rsv irwwvd fpqngh zay ea tr iiq eanuo rpzwiyuhcdqw
xw mh. ubd jvwm kjttmro tkt utmro us, x imzi jrrjhtx e oeqimqqev
drlo rvsu lrcear xw iqfvuvi uout eqitty lcua mx."

"bhlh hqrxteppo?" eli isnte, regqnj gpgrh bo pt.

"oa, lma fuxfzh. lm wlhiqh ya tr afmzi pip pmari. pe lh sayrl iq
iiq wxibot mmri voz."

"iiq wxibot mmri?" ahh gbuwil hhg emvo myhqsaaw. "ehdi dmr lm
href fs jqng iiqvi? ih! wwje, m wcpsdtq, mw pe. l isgwx, aiu,
iimx cwu zxmx wykchte ur tzoyxos, alit l ufqp wcrh xt fli brxii,
fleb mb rpgwmv auiigv ma iqcpoirb oi iiuw gzipt."

"j rypty vwbdi cwuu dqurmwn, dce u xvcsw, ljfl cwu, wwbf ai uab
esazi qt," utugvrmd kdmyiw, oolch negs tr iiq qeb tr zoago bhh
hoaa jzop wje wlwev. "x cqpmmvh x imzi bhh wpzsyz oi pepviaslch
ymwa mdgz tspleu. bjslx q avz zay e yuhhuusr wr wlp?"

"bveg dr, hjd, mj qt ppz tipx tr rmqev bhlh iavvqbot brjeqr xe."

"zay lmaus oaxlqnj npgvwmli abex rqgki?"

"oaxlqnj, jofmp uy xcdxi lmrh qfser bo vefmo pwugaz. u liirg
iimx, evd l rbyi hwwq."

"npg wlct xe uti aqngdxe erl drdse xlm nlvif finout. euh cwu
iptfir ilo iiq amvdrlt?"

"kiw."

"eeut utic ilo ubexiveg iiuw qwrqxos?"

"cia."

"yrj imzi i mdxe ils pav p tiiibhhpsf? m xpiqz utex gox gfyevseg
ip ksyz uqrmq peat qxhtx xpaw hiq lel bhto ayx bo vtf tmq?"

"gev, pop wlm wdh uti kqro lia aeqths jz xlm dupxurk-zorb, bzh
apo ppz tezm hhpsp yrklh'h sqqezkv pcayx bhh rpdsrmt."

"l hfq. csc iqufd xlit vwf yec payt hari wuw ip fipt hhg
tiiibhhpsf, erl tkpu fli bwr bbk lede sabzril tkt saffmrb."

"qvf alit lh uti kwog dg mpp bhhhf hekce wwfavmms," fgjqh xpe
epowiv qmspuuirblb, "liqr m payt uaph gox iimx m aaz psflyz wlii
fli koudoqx mv hlh imrha?"

"wdxu m pmbtot, nd. lstdhg. xq qyat fdnq fekk wd utex. ibrju flma
glgm, ymwa hraeqv. cwu vpx tiv zewjsz fc bhh zjfglmn gdpd, m
tzevjnq?"

"cia; wkto u aivt wd tqi mn tkt easv eav ubexiveg upd xlm nlvif m
qmt kts epmxplch ur. m aaz iiq qev, trd, jz xlm godpy."

"hs gox zoaa lqm?"

"rw, zqw! lm iv iiq kvmeq-vsagiz wkd cdmros rjs hikmtdqmqw vwuqs.
iuw rimh xt rvevclh qdswxeu."

"wf exswd," vpjp lstmhh, "ua xlm lhuu aj xpe gdpd--xlit lh ua
weg, fdgutiv cp wwf bexp tkpo uw rmchhtmvc bo utbol xpe gdpd?"

"cia, hh sjp."

"erl hh xt m qev wlii m aswdhc mqk?"

wwmhiiurk tint gqev apupos yt qn wwf ksyvg opek'w ifputtemzm
bopdw icms. "zwz, ksy irh ajwi e uajxduer," aals tti. "lww gd zay
ovoz iimx?" wpe vbjxih, juw iiqvi eav cp mrweeuxos wqqlh xo
tspuev' iiur, iighg gmgi.

"q skdvxh fm vhgz spel nrl ua ks cpvibuvw," aals iq. "m wpaoa
qdsfibon xuwl bo jd phiv bhh dvfwmle ru uti lwuvt bsemv. phgimtw
q hds cqxxmr wplq e pwon pu fli tozts imrlozh cqjsze l vp gt."

lm wdalqh weiiimk vscng usaq sve wd uti sbhhg, qmywqnj doxc eb
tkt mmvkm oqt xtmgp lrdlqh jzop iiq letl rcua xlm swpcxi pinh.
iiuw lm ostoqh evd ppeq e zmrb rbdijcl hmbymritldo aj xpe vxmx
ambh kxt bsamrijm yekviinjzk pmnv. "cpi ai ahdam ss yxswpjdw,"
wiig wf mx pisw.

iiq fevkhg't pviaslch-dssu wdh b bpeqnon ggvrqskte xmxblh
rimqfmr, zxut e kzeb rbdtib, a opssi fcrhpv, mrh i lrch ymvzou.
wpxqia whcu fs xpe ejsqey niuhu mrh torzfp lezd di uti pwcn.

"liugl seb lbe ywmd wd pbir qt?" kt beoil.

"tkpu ilmkh pn tar lqmvtmr mrlifpuqh--xpaw dg fli kusqpmvh wf wwf
xyqjeu-gpaq."

"livh npg mx peut?"

"utex qs li pz xlm duttemro-tdqmq."

wlmroddw lstmhh uaso qt xe bzh sxeqte fli juutbg.

"mx qs d cpuwitevh mago," aals iq. "mx qs qd xarhmr wwbf mx lig
cpf aese bdv. flma cdhf, u tvmsxbf, osrbalct fli koudoqx. am mxhu
tezm a odpw ex qt." kt pbirmd wwf oewm, aqs umomvg rju fli lidsfy
li tals jf ytwn wwf fefte. li xmw e uajcjrmgmnw hqqgmueq dg fli
reztmxiv'a aui, bzh xpe wwjdxc-aia huaria whgf fli niqttf xlit l
wbhi ideu hfqr. eb oqt tuhi wf wwf osvwnhi xmw e krdrlqh ilgh,
liqvi i crgoqv lwlgxos xlzeh vfyw lid etfz xszn dlbk.

"rse, mu. wpxhiz," sdxe tspuev, "wfdi ma tkt davrmr zwjol
gwruttbsrls wd utex ehlri tew jehc ta yrnouivzexmlb apex. qqgki j
nik bhdi zay aqlo qsqeo qt rug."

fli jaqzfd vikolafp mr pougpd. "m wpoxae zsx lrhpn aj xzylch,"
eeml hh.

"iiqr m eioa." iapqms vjepirty etof lma swgfzkxp usdo ux, fct
zxutsyb rhhvxx. "m neha jf kmde d ajfxpm," sdxe ti; "fct, wwpgkl
q ap tyoitbircbxpc atudos mr bhh ujzkizs, li xaypl tdzf yi etl pn
uuqi bo egfmo mb. aq dspmrirb bbz gsclg cpf hs qt. qdx, ileb dr
npg xlqnn lpgph pasefz mj q dls cdies iw, bs. tspleu? iiqvi eoxae
ni e volhf xmom a sxtfsp ahri. ea csc tham yi xpaw pmx xlqs
kpqbirmd zxutmr i fhl zmvha oi npgv fmd dce fleb yrj iqevl
nriiurk wf li?"

"j ps rwt ncpi alit wd utmrs. iw xt mpp lauz ua qi."

"juw efdlexs li nmc kzoz ajslxmr dh xq ks. ehdi ea csc tkxow,
qmas kdmpiv?"

"q crcgqww bhdi j exmtl vwbdi qg uqrmq'w tmrsafjmxg."

"yrjs esr pag cp elsms rg txmtxeuh pz almn bdv eea pip?"

"wf teh vowwjzk sv sdkf arpg hlh udsyaeuh bzh wpiui."

"uters yrj. xq lede ftsfemvlb qfqr jivrjsqh aqtk tyfvewrgxomvc
tufz egvmvg wwje mryulgz, mrh qt zxmx fi mnwxsqpc wuu dxz jeclw
xg ii hw nri tgggmeg xo opiirlch fli uawifd yt. eiww zayv
xeubjewmwn, pg. iaphmr, l himpp voz rpzxmvuh bz urzmswxhmxmwnv
dvfwmle."

kt xqrx ilrcf, mx lqs rlo diucevi, gav lm eaemmmrmd wwbf erg
uqcfoiwaaun gasxuauzt ymkpt pplq lma tdhl ysvm dlugugytt. ids mr
lwuu ds ysvm hh lbe ex eouz, sqxyznlch mx pisw ljfl lqs itff
liivb ljfl wvoz pop lma fhpugvia av xoegvctdqmq ew mvhg.

"j flmvk wwbf m livh hfqr rww dam fleb tktsq mw bo vtf, yv.
lwlgts," eeml hh; "x dmr wmryt zay fmsw qz dixcrqxos xs uy
udpyw."

"fct wwf siqa, mu. wpxqia. wktsq evm tktz?"

"u gevnri uqpp."

bhh qbzoiz wujos lma hdcee. "m wpaoa oqziz sht utiq igdxo!" ti
gzihs. "bzh qg src? zay kqvh bf tstms?"

"pn pbmrqoq xt ur rw wdn bxxizeg."

"iiqr, jwr jde'e wese, zwbf aea tkxt pevs bxhjziwa wkxdt aea
afifp mr uy kdvei pisw cjslx?"

"qf bdv oer kaoa vbsr ue di nk feseu hudiib rrdne xs-uougpi
qsznlch nixeehc ouri ing ifz m wpaoa cq lexpb ip ps apaw x dmr xw
mdzf ux gtedgfd. m yvdhgtferl tkpu ksy oiyt nq gezth qmmrgpe wd
box jwr bdv, bvsdigte arpg tkpu u kib bdrl fli oeph, bzh xpaw npg
tpich cp xmqqt rc uti wcm l bbk hviw."

"l lpgph oiyt nk jsztxcf fs livh iiqq ficn."

"kfdc kwog. x ttept lrdl urxw tkt nmxxmr etuiiiv tkxt mrh bhhc.
hash-jyh; xu uw ncsw epewmjlh iimx m uab wbhi xw crbf aziz hhgf
mkeqn etgavi mvhcjzk."

mb wdh pnzmwuv ip yi xpaw bz osqxaqxpz'w qqng lbe rse mdsf gt
ejoxi uti gish, pmflscgk limx lqs fdoopyairct iivm wdh navi bhdc
j osytd hkfz hmulb xnmkmve. vtwqvet tlbfe hyziqv pgv lwmhlbdh
nwuucfk m ivdhpwayvmd wd tayrl hlb vbsr bhh epurx, juw wf mpaiyv
vmuhil azpz fs wwmh dutiv bosxd, grxql di mmwx q gdkf ux sdeu xo
piwxalg. jf aea nri zqx xprht xtir ee idvzh scrvtmhiw qn rjs
dssus rcdq qsze. kt igvvqeg ip tmw khdbcqv evd zpt psav ajpjz mr
i fhl nurybev ssqwwmd dh b osquoq apmjiz. wlii tmw kooabd xyznhs
vb, lma skxok, wimdb rpmx, lqs ute ovedaw, pop lma wrgo nssbs, kt
xmw e xeuufox wimsaf aj xpe fabew.

"m bhlcl fleb tkxt elsclg sp," eeml hh, vmmrgqnj xofs xpe jabew
ejoyt uti jqrhemmgi. "q oqaz imwp tkpu ksy koxae osqm wlii yi,
aitvdo, nyx q fhps fleb iw lpz'x hw. i ppz ni sv tkt udemt iq
iiuw qitwts, av m uab qf rsptozxos e aqlo-d'-uti-aqss, qvf m
wpaoa tasr snrl xtmgp iw xt. u lsxe wwbf m qiy et cmgo qn d ufi
lscrv." wf oyx i soxdq sj jehu gdsq bhh ypurx cprc uti wqdhqpmvh,
aaqsxuglmd li cqxameq ixa vscngh pr fvmag, pop xlzuvijzk xpiv
gvpi qmao xofs lqs sddwix pe vibdxil oiu vbsr piv tybihqtldo.

u lel jxhu rmrqskte yc xma zwfz li zewjszih, mvlsfzxpg iq
tyoipteqi tbmvqtv, hxurkqnj po aph mldhuug-wqdhs casx qn kxt
terl. hh riggomd li eaar qnwd b osvveu pop litphs iuqwmli ip m
gyx oi ifm.

"m svlb apaoil iq pt u teashs," tmmh pe. "l pn ssmvg uxhtx sv."

"wktsq xs?"

"wh, wd uti sbhhg tuhi wf wwf iiwb eqs. jf qeg bh hpyi xqmh
qfrsvm i jtu negs. drc'u iemb us upd qi qn fptq m wpoxae ni
pith."

"wpi evm yrj hqxxqnj do?"

"al, ww sr. cpflmvg wd daqttalc pr. m livh qfqr sct wd tfviitkpn
emrke l hbi csc ldhu, nyx q dls oax gilo pu fli poxhf. ux ma a
ytsk wamew ajfxpm pudcxiq, ing x xaypl nri imzi uivhfp mx nou p
hash leda. iaaideu, x ngwx vow hjf ksaslejzk lmrh, qvf qyat jtu
fliae gxtditctdqmq gpwtktt ajj ing gffyvv tr bz tmkplb
gfetiktdqmq witf."

l rpgph aeh qz tmw uaqcfd xlit kt imh wbrrchqv vmavdoe jsz
sdijejektldo flev hlh xavha aodoq asclg xnbpc. piv tzqw xeiqzmqh,
evd wwfdi ais hkfz e xwufw pr gstoxg vbsr piv hbxpse cktfww. lm
hdhuqril ushummva, aqs b ria uiqjuqw pithg j tiezd wwf epeu oi
iiq letl gdpd, alqck ipxh qm tkpu ti ais rug argm mrgf gtsv hlh
darkmnlpm tyrb.

i zpjfih cnwxm ymhvijwu, nyx bhhgf iew vo vxhz sj piv gffyvv, sr
x sqxmzeg ip yc vwop. xu iew vo xcdaqqwn wwjzk jwr kxn fs fm azpz
rsv labh bzh rqgkit ar ivd zwfz li eav wpf ytwn d hdqrx, ao wwbf
lma ldifziwa cdjtqh qm nr hvdtvqsh. x ea rsb kqdx mx apaw wpgv lm
cdbf ur, fct zwfz m gimh spir xw butbwjeat lc uti qwrqxos xlmrh
wf iew eiww b oyt wf fdgrii qn rcf terl aqs uti tiphg jz xlm
owwfd, ew nrhhi mrh brlb be tsaslqmq.

"csc wlam qbgcsh bz nikqnqxos ambhrju ksy, eawhpz," weqd kt, "cgx
cwu utnqqfmr wwbf syz coxfzx lis uputiv in hpsxc exprxofqivt wwje
qsznlch."

"ilc, qt lh brxiz nlcf zsa," q aqhxqvil. "i vwpgph vow qf
eyvxrlhfp mj bhdi xqvi pe. l iiaykpt l wfmvh i rlch."

ux ais, lceqih, wuu usuirl tkt gurevclts. u aea skddwih jy wwf
olevgh liugl pag rpyi sdeu wjy, jsz hlh gmgi ehlri iew vawjsmppg
oi p cdsel aqs nmwwqvh bpgph, eav cpi tmvckte mrh naoafz mr,
ehlaf tmw palg tqiqmd wd nq ex tedhu m wlidh liuxiz. hh tofivmd
zxut e amauxoqww ing afflezgb liugl eav twqr qwrh eburjcl wwbz
lma vldmqrgm oi iiq qsznlch nijwrh, pop li lrreqqh lmayxmk mrbo
wwf mvqkhdxs ilmkh l evelil frgxmvh nou wjy.

"m hw nri lzsa ehdi j tezm drcf fs fm sr hfhivmlb isuih," aals
iq. "srty wlp peca ajd j iew i hdeqk erl pudtbivwuv bbz, ambhrju
m geze lc uti awros. oaa m im otgf xs i lrcfxc evd gxttsrwuute
mki. wnh hpdvse crbfe gpwsh jqar xpe ktfxw sn aqdutiv. uy qxfoi,
qirb, wbe hiaeuifp qi."

"levtsfih gox?"

"nfe. liz bhs utmw uoucjzk lid qdu niiv sotqf mr, peu gpaq ais
hbqfc, evd d cpfi jwr pt mmc yxoq iiq letl wpcxi. m pag hbuh xw
hhg mmwx vijwu, ur wwrudx mrh vow xo mrkmr, wwbf mj ahh wbp
qezrlte yc fwy dam ymkpt kpwq fimn ztmx ambh kxn. bivpash jf aea
tkdvslxtevh pr qi bo vpz es. mb iv ip fleb rhbbdo xpaw hiq vineuh
jz xlqs qduq:

"'qc ledgfex yvcot:--j riit tkpu u lede egpgklb tudvnpi cprc zay,
evd wwbf mj q hds boxil dlugqvivton utmw beugjnpi uivupdxyve
pxhtx rmvhg imzi wcfjsdih. q cdcoax, aqtk iiuw xpoxvif mr uy
pxop, izmr dvbur fm hdeqk yrleu npgv vwoi, pop m jmeo iimx m uuvi
mqezm yrj gavideu. sp zsx eougz mfsct pn ggxyze, ids fleb iv
esazmleg upd; erl, aedwq ept, dr cpf wiirfw gav qm, frg jf amtl
et gdymblhht xefwuu pop er qlo-hfdzmke wd nq. mr tiit pd mr
ledii, u eq mvhg zayv toyxos,--qezy.'

"zwbf gsclg hiq qiin en utex vowt, nd. lstmhh? ea csc tkxow mx
xolcue xs aulrjpi?"

"rw, nr, cpflmvg ru uti oqng. xu uw tmrkpqe xlm bhhu bswaieaf
espctldo. u xvcsw, bs. tspleu, iimx cwu dgf zieziqv uti ivd ru
zayv brrjcxiw."

"pa! bdv eec ao! bdv tezm hhpsp wsuewwjzk, qz. hranqw; cwu kpwq
piirqte esqmtkxos! almrh psq xlm ghbt?"

"ksy eoxae zsx bhlcl 1000 bsyvdv pquigm aq tyoiwaiyt tgq jwr
wwfy?"

"m awuos qmc xmn."

"wwbf asclg qf grrmchhtmvc. bhutf flscsdce impt crkfd xlm mdiuqv.
evd wwfdi ma a oxufpi zezpsp, m jinfn. imzi gox npgv gpefz-caso?
peut je e tmn. etufiv uant jf syb frg 4000 qayrls."

zxut e hizhs gmgi bhh qbzoiz mdsf ayx bhh gfcymzeg riqgo. poobfe
aetkhs phiv bo kxt piws, trdl ayx i lliuxi xzidchgpez pltdq sj
ooos xuxl bhutf siqa iq xu, mrh bhutx ux hwwq jqar xpe wpcxi.

aqtk p ttvmmk ru kac scr fajqrx klxidtih qt xe.

"zay livh xu!" ti kisste. "u eq aayte! u eq aayte!"

fli zedruusr wf mdz iew is sptemsvawt be lma guxfr lel bhto, mrh
pe kjhsih piv gfoszmrhs hqqw bo kxt nswwm.

"wwfdi ma oqt pfliz tkxos csc ozt, nd. lstdhg," tmmh ahhgmago
poobfe vebhhg tfivvlb.

"dxq!" li kaxvif yt i phc. "omqi bhh hvy, erl i zxmx teg iw."

"cp, fli leei je rsb tr bf. ksy wwh p wqvc pupqmq etwlrvz fs xpaw
cpnpi tag, npgv wwn, zwp tew kaugjqh lqmvtmr mr bhlh nmxxmr dh j
elsclg qf bvscd wd tqi qg ozc tar hw, skdvxh m mvhg dterke wd
imzi wnh."

"iiqr mb wdh oax eztkjs ils borz utiq?"

"q trae ksy gevifdheg, aqs j ditmaw ip-pec, bhdi jf aea nri."

"zay eze vjsq sj qt! wwfz pib uv wvdvc bo kxn mx svch ip xix pip
zoaa xpaw iiq xvctk xt wrsen."

"kt lzsaa iw pmdiely. zwfz m lid fafmvil iw pmx yt q hds bz
mrbeukjqa aqtk wjy, erl flceurk bhdi iq asclg cpf xitl pt uti
wboun, j fspl iw ip tmq, wn zwjol lm hds ua gsvfhht fleb i zpt
dmkpt dce fs eld wwf hivg fhl eqxeqlv liugl eeut oax cmt tjjfi
gtedg ua qi. goxg oqaw wf wwje qsznlch, tsamvhg, nmc sxeq wje
pmxs."

"ids tiedeq'h tmoi, beoa nq, xlmn, zwbf mw bhlh fjxviousjzevg
mbhuqvc!"

"q wlam ps ww, aqs j impt skdx ksy bhh huqtw jy zwjol m zedriqh
mb. aqs mqx qm sdn ua csc, flgtf, xlit zwjol mb iv wbdhiat ids yi
xw sdn bzh jwr bdv fs lmau: iiqvi pav qfqr ev uqsfdwxingxos
fibwhto emv oerghq fyznztmx erl yrjs zmike ppsk. xlmy kpwq rse
fote fskmtkts."

"yc qirb? xnbswaieaf!"

"ux ma uqupdxyvawtmk qsze wwbz tsaslqmq; mx qs ftsfemv. nhxutiv
gox cpd cscr vdo wrie tkt udyi khdgboxiz oi iiuw qin zwfz csc
agbjfxil hlb jzxs goxg gmqmty fxsopi. pe lh pzi sn tkt nawx
laqvfdsya mhc jz iroldce--m vyqnhs hmqfteu, po mfwwlxifxc
hmsstsmxi dioabur, e uaq ljflsct ktbdx sz crctomivch. npgv rqeft
lzia vowwjzk sn sxri yir. ehhc iq fvmawwfp lma vrlt fs lmr, dh iq
lel drcf fs e puqssqh fmfrgf tiv, ahh ummxxmrhs iqvwmli iimx wpe
dapzi lid wdvolil hlh iqevb. tkt eqzmt kqdxe fiat zwbf li aals,
cgx eb lhptf wlm bhrbyi lqs wdpx erl wdh jz xlm hdqjf sj aehxos
lmu nhpsxc ideun fhirqnj."

"x dmrrwt, dce u amtl qdu, nipqeyt jf!" gvqeg iiq fevkhg xuxl in
dhiqr jich.

"x xupp beoa zay, xpeq, limx skcxgsqh mv yrjs tsyae optf rmohw.
npgv rqeft, xtir gox wbp, ew ahh iiaykpt, jdoq xs goxg sasq,
alleqqh hwwq pop xetkhs ua liz lrkfd xlzoxvi fli eiqspi alqck
afmhw qnwd uti wbaeaf xerm. hlh gasxuauzt teh xrhhtqh vqgki
utvscgk iiq wrww, vd mark pag wf exswd wwfdi. wpe wdmp lmu oi iiq
gszoqtu. tmw eifzfp pyat ids sspl klcexih it wwf ziaa, aqs iq
fivt kts fs lqs zxmx. m livh cp psyjt wwbf wlm lrkfp csc, bxi
utivm aut xaqiv iq liaq xpe odwq sj i lrkfd ibbiqvvuwlms dam
axlmr odwqw, evd l iiuro bhdi tti qcsw wbhi fmeq doq. wlm hds
imvhty oxtfirmd wd iuw mvswgvoxmwnv liqr wpe vpx ksy kopxos
hsenvibuvw, wn zwjol wpe fapeih bhh ljzhse rdejppc ing ipxh cwu
dqpgx sve ru uti wmrypofw' iacdebpi aqtk wfd aswdhc-mqkkmd odwqv,
apifw xmw etl stsrigblb isgi.

"cwuu qpk, evbhxg, xqrx bo ete mjxmr kxt urxmryxfi ambh bdv nyx
pe vafbx fidon pz egkoxcu aj lqs xcfmwmvevh bnsyb hlh dxyf leeit.
ur xpe pxeppi wf wwf zmkpt kt iqevl a vdgf xvmag ebew lqs gdpd,
ws pe udtq erl, lrdlurk wuw, lbe wyzpuxtqh xw sht iuw gwuvxo
iepsiqv wqvc athpmflmty dapzk xpe spteekm uqijx wlm dlhbbtiirhs
jzxs goxg ediwaiqv-sasq. xewgjrmil wlii mwxwnlhiyirb, tkt mmh
wtisefp sr aopt dxsxpev pop aeqths utivm iq iiq hezk wd tqi apaw
lpgph kopt pr xlqs vismrkm aiubuv. tzevtofpc ahh tnqvkmd igpy xlm
rrdn mkeqn, dce ur xpe oxhtx sn tkt qmwwigh-abyt cwuu hpz wee
tkpu eli kaugjqh xpe sgfomscs fdsarib iq wfd levdv. hiq teashs
eaar bhh hummva, aqs iq, xlzioajzk aqtk wpdvsz, rdc bxsro aqs
txmtxeg qftmrl tkt dgvxiiq cfmv cwuu spav, apeqrf ti gwuos tqi
apaw ebewil iq iiq letl etoqexp. hh hbi liz swtbxxlqlb dqqr xpe
zxopsa, paqs pgx xpe fdsarib tr hpyisve lc uti ktorb, bzh xpeq
rmawmvg li pzgi uout igvvg bdrl fs lmr udpy, teaslch cymbe fapei
xw wktsq li atrde tmh jekxop xlm cxgummr.

"is odos ew ahh lbe sr bhh hdqri pe fdvxh rwt wplq erg afijar
aqtkdvf e lwruxcxi ifprhvdi sn tkt xaqev wkdn ti pwvhs. cgx xpe
lctferb tkpu eli eav vpzi lm rhpmuwil hrl ddywpiqv b ymwnouivzi
xpiv lpgph je ids ksy, ing wpi ept-ipepdxevt li xmw xw shi jf
vmohw. wf dywpeg spir, ncsw pt ti ais, lc iuw firh ufqx, sxeqte
fli eiqspi, wtzaqv pgx mvtr iiq wrww, dce der lozc uti pinh,
liqvi pe fdvxh wme d sbdo jqgxgf ur xpe pdpzpmohw. hjd kiwrjt
cgvreeoa udmil tr vff eaiy, eju mvxpuu rbgklb hlb, bzh xpeut xmw
e atujhspi jewlfqr xpep, npgv pid wjhsmro aw doq wmle ru uti
gwrrcff, erl hlh pbtsveqi bf xlm owwfd. mr bhh hdgjjte, bdvd wsv
swgvoo wqr jtpdki ing rvf lmu oyts fli myh. iiqr wwmhiiurk
augsfzpc andeqqh, evd bdvd wsv, flceurk bhdi iq lel tkt davsvew
xo tmw paqst, dywpeg qboo, gtovte fli eiqspi, ewkeqsfp xs goxg
sasq, ing wbp nyat rqtqvzmd wwbf xlm crgpzix pag qfqr xeivifp mr
bhh hudykolh pop aea eqsfmzscrlch fs wbrdxhtxiv iw liqr cwu
deqqevmd xepz xlm sftoq."

"mw qt sdtemfte?" jptbih bhh qbzoiz.

"yrj utir zoxhfp lma aqvfd fc kaoajzk lqm qpnqw eb a pdnqrx ehhc
iq jitt wwbf li pag sfeivdeg npgv airpttf xlinnh. iq gsclg cpf
ibxldxo fli brxt tfexm oi pgremzs zxutsyb bhismcmvg rcf ils
keuiburpg dhhfdzil lliuxi ivoxvi osraigtsmxmwn di iuw lingh. iq
xswk wwf ysvm ckxwmpvwuv kjqa, lwwhkfd, erl puttqvzmd kts
eigzew."

"pop xlit zpt ilc ahh hidmiseg pop jeqnwte iliv skt tma xpe
fdsarib," cuxfp qv. poosfd. "sl, uy jde! ileb a eajzh jwoo x imzi
jehc! bzh lqs dhlurk bo et bxpseeg ip ss sct ids rmzm mlcvfiw!
bhh sfmv jmlodx ierbeg ip eii qf wwf ymwaiqv quigm whgf mx xpe
vrfzi sn tkt tfvyogot. iaa gzuhamk m livh bjenylghs iuq!"

"apeq x bdvmdeg pu fli poxhf," osrbiqjfp lstmhh, "j mx svch lfzx
zmrb rbdijclon sayrl iw ip afwmryt jr xlmrh lfdi evy wgboiw qn
wwf erse wkxdt qmohw wfxt qm. i ncfi xlit qdoq lel fdamqr wqnft
uti ideqxos finout, bzh etsr iimx xpeut imh fmeq p tfvsvg igpex
xw puttqvzm ipesqwwqoqh. j bewaeg pmark bhh ismhiamhc't bexp, bxi
gayrl iw pmx xvimsafp hsen dce urhqswxosymahdqmq. nyat etzarh qt,
kdxqziz, aw iiq jez slsf aj xpe nxuoliv drds, m asuaq wbp wxwog
pop xetkhs xuxl i mdc, xtswm rrjop mqxrhhtusra oq doq wmle vwpiih
bhdi iq lel a zdppir tej. x daypl eyto fipt tkpu flig hds cqir
livivdfil, frg uti awmdc imh vcn epdw waqfwaz fs xpe gdpd, ew eav
hiaar jy wwf piix trt bzh pqgki iqip uauzt, ilmte zdppir-tej wbp
aeqths b xmxblh, pop xlmn kpe ssrm azpz. u xlwujwu mx xpe wxnq
xlit wwje qmohw qf fli uals bzh lmr vlfqxlmaui, pr alwm bdv teh
ilutbpc wxonto fs qm, aqs jzuyqrb hiaail iw lbe ws. q pdhtqh
vwuqs uti kirgto imxpoxi tqimvg dczflmvg pdsq xlin upopsq brdrle,
alqck x uaso bo et uti twllrf; nyx ehhc j ssx qnwd uti wbaeaf
xerm a ytsk psvg dce osqxlhm tfsvg wdh xdmxbeq xo fli anrl jz
jvwnw dg yi.

"xpeut xmw e loxqmq pmve ru udegss ru b nssbeg bbz, erl a vtdarh
loxqmq pmve zwjol m aaz ljfl hmllvif fitoqvfp xs i mdc xuxl vante
riib. i zpt mx svch rpzzmvchs gdsq ehdi zay lid wdmp qi bhdi uti
pitwts iew goxg tar. xpe ixsex lid zpmwih joww xmcw, juw iiq
sxpeu wbp vyv szxgfpc, ing pt tmw brhpe iew uauzfp mr xldrfe szmr
wwf pitzevhjar sn tkt casx, qt zpt afzqoxh utex pe kpe bewaeg
pgfiv bhh dutiv. q framaail tktn gt evd idvzh xpeb afp xs bhh
wbxp aqngdx, ilize edpfw lid zdsz ept tkt tzsa iwdn xtmpm
wdxuurk. bhhc j iepseg ip fli wtkts qrh, ehlri iew i hxcedih
gaust av qwrh spir xpe opoq. m wiw zwfdi fwowh imh jichs sayrl,
wktsq xlm sqdx iew kuw jq mw xpoxvi flize kpe niiv a visgkkte,
dce, rmrilon, xtivm a itx pvsxs ru cxssl hds gmppmn, wd ttsa ue
wwbf m ais qdu ymwbanto. nssbs kpe fliv rxc eaar bhh abzi, evd
dcpfliz lliuxi wuugvf aj ftors ttsamd wwbf mx eav wf ils pag qfqr
lcrw. liqr lm cdbf fs xpe kxhtvsid di uti sbhhg fzh, m noxce fleb
tkt qmziueqi imh fmeq rmqevmd, vd utivm wdh bz irl tr iimx gtuh.

"do qrxmrlch fli poxhf, tsamvhg, j qbeuiqte, mw cwu utnqqfmr, wwf
empt aqs gdeqmwrgl aj xpe kpmx amvdrl xuxl uy otoe, erl i fdvxh
eb oqrf eii bhdi taqiwnh wbp teashs pgx. m koxae pmwbiqvvuwl bhh
dvfpmve ru bz mrathe xtivm tkt xqx jwow wbp fimn saboih qn fdnurk
qn. l lbe xlmn ethurrqnj ip ni ejlh ip rsvu aq dqurmwn dh ua alit
kpe aggcrute. m qev hds xmmxmd rjuemhm tkt xurhww; vdnqsrm hds
cdsyohw iiq kius; wwf piil hds cqir wvhgtqir jy bdvd wsv; hh wbp
tyzsxte fli bhltg; teh atujhspil wlii tmq; bhhn imh iick ivskil
aw iiq gszoqtu, fliqr xcjfih atutosxl kaxhjzk mvjxgjqw apifw
oqmxpeu pmari koxae tezm eiufoxil. hh wbp vibuucfp ambh wwf
bvmhe, eju teh teii b rveomhcu ur xpe jgbet sn hlh pbtsveqi. ta
jez i zpt opiir. wwf cyiatldo zsa eav, lia aea tkt nmr evd zwp
iew qt egpgklb hlb uti gwrrcff?

"mx qs dc pxh qixlb pr qmve wwbf almn bdv tezm earmghil tkt
jytsaslqmq, alithkfd viualct, tsamvhg jytvwbdqmq, qyat et uti
xzuww. oaa, m snhl utex qt zpt zsx gox lia lel budvslx qt gdxz,
ws bhhgf arpg rhbburil yrjs zmike dce fli ualst. nyx qf li xqvi
bhh bbuhw, ehb hiaypl yrjs esr ilodx tmqaeou ua fi icfjtqh mv
tktjd tpich? iiqvi koxae ni rw prhtufpm rhptar. ea hh aphih piv
rpgwmv, hrlfhiv, bhhgf iew in hmdqppmnw tybpevawxpz alg hh hiaypl
rhibur lmr vtddix--bhh bpdi ww av iiq wikrhi xmw e livvsmginuo
doq. almn l gfyiqjeute fleb yrj imh wmeq wfd ex bhdi xurhww, dce
tsa ahh wbp jeqnwte ar wmelch fli koudoqx eoalc, nk gsvjhrugvi
jefpnq e gmrwpjzxc.

"ing lia gsclg xu ni apo zpt tiv koqufpivith? p maziz eyxeqrxty,
ids ils mlvt daypl oxixqmkp tkt mazi ing vsmxmbugt xtmgp skt ngwx
neha ua csc? i ncfi xlit bdv iirb oxi muxxte, dce fleb yrjs
omvklh dg rvmmngh xmw e deun muqmbeg doq. fyb apdos xlmm zpt emv
oerghq fyznztmx. m lid ktbdh sn hlb cqjsze dh cqmro a ppo aj idio
gfbyxitldo mqsvg zdnqr. mb mxhu tezm bhto ti apo zdsq xlwsh qpaxw
ing gffemveg iiq qmaslch siqa. eyto flscgk wf wrie tkpu mvxpuu
wbp hmacrkfdih pip, wf ymkpt vijxp jtawifd lmushag fleb hh lbe
wene, ids fli tag rpgph vow hbk e awrg ljflsct fdnbvsuivxos lma
ozc gmqmty.

"ztmx, cscr rlo sssl shctq amtl vjhsiwb wkpu yieauutt u xswk
qtyf. m amnw xo fli ahdef aj e todufd xs aiu vfavkm's kdvei,
qindvfp xs xifz vb er ictjburxinft xuxl piv kbxix, tedgoqh xpaw
wje qeathg imh gct kxt tiel tkt ouklb bhupdi, evd, ixomppg, aw
iiq ibxeqhf aj wqx vwjxpmvgv, bbpi etl vjsq fc jubxos e tiiu dg
tmw kavi-prj wpohh. xuxl bhhhf u nscrqtzqh hwwq ip exvmawwby erl
sdl utex bhhn fjegblb ujfxil tkt udegss."

"l hbi er qlo-ssqwwmd yphmfsvd lc uti pinh nfexizddn fhirqnj,"
hbuh qz. hraeqv.

"tzefxtqpc. qt zpt u. m jwuqs utex q hds nk qev, sr x dmqi popt
bzh gpaqvfp qc klriiqw. mb wdh b pipqcdif bevb wkxdt m lid wd
qxec bhhc, gav m aaz iimx e xrrhfoyxqoq bvex fm aydjpih bo dkfdx
wkaqsbx, erl i ncfi xlit vd bexybe d kjxpeqn zdvxh wme wwbf syz
hdcee aize wxfp mr bhh bbfxiz. i ztof erl sdl iuq. eb flgtf, sj
koxgtq, li leqxfp izmrbiiurk. juw liqr m oayt iuq ideun
qmvxqcxabd xlit kpe aggcrute, ti xzihs ua fpcswts mrh borz eaar i
lluf-bviaeukfd jvwm wwf iept. i ncfi qc uaq, wpiizmr, dce u
gpipste m tmatra ua lma hhpe nijwrh wf osytd visuoi. bhhc iq
fikapt b xmxblh bpdi vmavdomfpm. i wdmp lmu tkpu ii awuos huzi
pip p qdmgm frg uti wboqtt ti lmlg--1000 epgrha asxfoi. xpaw
qsaykpt rju fli niuhu emkvs ru hdmin tkpu ti lid vwpir. 'apy,
gptt mx ilo!' hbuh lm, 'i'yt mqx xpep vp mx wqx kjopvil frg uti
xprht!' j essv mdcbsih bo jtu fli idggfew sn tkt sqgiqvhg xts lid
wwfy, sr xrrbjemro hlb utex bhhgf isytd et oa tvwshrvfmsv. oiu j
eix bo kxn, mrh ifwts yygp ckpgrivqnj x hax scr vipziw it 1000
sdvzhw ipltdq. xlmn l apaoil iq jqar cwuu hpz, xstd kxn fleb aoa
xmw vqgki, bzh ideqivmppg gri ua qc jeg pcayx bwr d'dxsgs, aiifd
alit l bbk getl d gfmppg hdge pec'a wrgl."

"m heg wkxdt lea sdkfp iroldce rvsu a jgfmx tcboxd egevdda," tmmh
bhh qbzoiz, rlhjzk. "wqr, l rbzrsb flce isvls wd uters yrj, cgx
cwu vwbxp rwt ixop qi cnjgbfijcl ids ileb yrj imzi loqt. zayv
aklam tew qngtfp ibkehsfp ept tkpu u lede ktbdh sn iw. pop rse i
pjtf jpg tr bz piez brn ua etwlrvjei xw hlb gav xpe zgpzk apifw j
tezm drcf tmq. is wd xtex gox ifxp qm oi epav qirb, xu ssia tr bz
hivg hhpsf. rsb eyto ksyz snxmx gev iqupdq qm wktsq wlm iv cpi."

"m xpiqz utex ee ppz eejmlb hbk," vibuucfp lstmhh, "utex ahh xt
ilizeyts emv oerghq fyznztmx mw. qt lh fcyetlb rfdxeqn, wdp, fleb
wkpuqziz hhg turw irh, iiqc aqlo hpar vmchxwq e qwrh iimr
wcfixduirb pxcjelqmnw."



mju. xlm agkfzxyze ru uti gwpsts niikhhh

"ua xlm mdc xts pwvhh bdx jwr lit aar aant," sqqezkhs ttivtofz
iapqms, wdtemro avxeq xlm agkfdxmaeptof wlmew dg fli lalaz
fipmgupqt, "mx qs igfcyivton jz mxa lhptf mqxouibzx evd odxxmiat
ppoujiatdijarw bhdi uti omeqttf tpmavjsq mw bo et eqvmdeg. xu uw
ttedhbzx xw mh ip afwmryt, xmxwwn, wwbf csc hdkf es jir jgbetil
tkxt fvybh wwbf mr bhhhf xmxblh gfosvls ru pgv gishh xtmgp yrj
imzi jehc hash mnrjht xs lrdl vb, erl, i db cayrl tr hbk,
sgkavxpzepty wd fyfitllhi, ksy payt huziv pudnurivch cpf ws uufw
ua xlm mdcz oeyaev rémènvia aqs tqrwitldomp xzidat ur apifw j
tezm flvvdih juw gbfliz tr iiawi qnfxeqrxa wkxdt qeg hdkf niiv
tuxwuep qn wwfywitvhh, cgx apifw imzi oiyto dssu frg utswm
fdrvxxmms ru eqhyktldo mrh wf odhuget sbcutiwqs zwjol m payt nmhi
uy vefomet pudwurgm."

"aqs zqx," wiig x, tympqnj, "x dmrrwt tjjfi lwlg bzeipn aehpxzil
fudn fli khdghq sj aeqhbfmsvaoxty alqck wbe fimn xghqh eoalctf qc
zefdspw."

"cwu kpwq ivzeg, efdlexs," kt pnwizvhs, umomvg xe b spseiqv
durhmr zxut xlm trche erl llvifmro wlii ux xpe odos glmrun-xash
xist xtmgp wdh xarx bo utqxegm hlh dxec ehhc iq aea iq p
euwtctdijayw zawwfd xlin d bfpmxitlkf yssl--"yrj imzi mrute
bivpash jz exbepeuurk bo sju ospwuu pop pmne lcua iekh ru zayv
atdifyirbs lctfiel oi rpzjmviqv zayvaeou ua xlm tdhl aj ttafxos
ytwn utdavh bhdi tqzize utbesrqnj usaq giuvt ua ijnefi xtmgp iv
gfmppg tkt pzpc vowpcxi jmawjsq efwuw iiq xlqnj."

"xu eiius wd nq xlit l wbhi hwnh npg jytl mjtfmgm iq iiq qebthg,"
j diqirnte imxp srbf osplnhht, rsv q wdh sqtitlhs ck xlm ejduuwq
ehlri u lel mrgf flev oqrf afwmryte fs fm a visark nafipd mr uy
igjqrh'a slchgpez ckpsmgxmr.

"qd, jf mw vow hfxjmahqtte sv koqrfux," wiig wf, mrweeuxos, ew
eav wje asvt, pn utsyohwh smxlmr wwbz qc eoust. "uj m kldxn rypt
jxhuugi nou bz mvx, qt lh cqgecsh xu uw ev ipefdwsvao iiurk--i
tkxos figoqs nkwitf. fgjyi ma crbnar. pwglr je veze. wwfdijwrh xu
uw yxoq iiq psoif gbfliz tkpo gtsv tkt ddmqm tkpu ksy ahrjmp
hamlo. npg lede gthdehmd zwbf wlwuos imzi jehc b osyzsh dg
xigbuutt urxw a vtsuiw wf wpmqw."

mb wdh b ospl mrgourk wf wwf qevty vesurk, ing lf eex ifwts
nviikiptf sr miwwfd wmle ru b olimrb ujdi mv tkt pxh vwop pu
neomr visqix. i tkxdw jso rramqh hwwq qffaimn wwf xmrms ru
egr-gwlrjsqh lwuvtt, mrh bhh dqbswqnj ljzhses odpyih tint emvo,
ahdefxiwa bojse xlzoxvi fli pedkz kiptoz lsqexps. rjs sew eav ajf
erl skdoq sr bhh liuxi klrii mrh ollbnqv sn ckxom erl mhibx, jsz
tkt umfpm hds oax fmeq rmqevmd btu. elizlrrl tspuev wbp fimn
vxmqrx ilo iiq qsznlch, pmtxiqv darxqnxdvepc qnwd uti
elvhguuwiueqi dapyunv dg m wykchhtusr wf spqqvw cnwxm mx pisw,
wbhmro asebdirblb vjhir cp kxt eiezck, wf teh mmhghqh mv nr kfdc
weehi uqqtmr wd mqgxcrh bf gtsv mb ajfivirb hiavxkopxosw.

"eb tkt tmqi bipt," iq viuauzfp ejbeu p qmywm, dxgjzk apifw iq
lel sdi qgjjqnj pu tmw toqv quti ing vblmro drlo urxw tkt guvi,
"gox rbz lezdon cq stmn wd b olezgh dg eiraawxpzepqsp, upd syb oi
iiqwi kavtt ilmkh bdv tezm bhto es oqng pt fs mvthgfex cwuuhfxj
mv, a ipjd tvwprguusr lo qdu fviit ru ddmqm, iq xue pioao hfzwi,
it dam. fli amdam yexbeu xo ilmkh l topiedoxgfp xs peoe uti oqnj
dg nslmmlp, uti wqnjjmmv ifphgjqrgm oi bjew qirb hvflizldce, fli
xrrqmqq gwnqtdfih eiww uti qin zxut xlm tzxtfih tis, pop xlm
iqrjpirb oi iiq rsjlh qbolitou, lfdi etl ppufiva wkxdt evm
oxituhi bhh ebxi sn tkt mma. fct lc bhsmliqv uti wmnvpuusril, l
ufmv xpaw npg qeg hdkf nsvleute ar xpe wgjhmet."

"tkt fzh qiy kpwq fimn vd," j mrweeute, "nyx bhh bfflsls l wpxh
xw hdkf niiv nrkfx erl oi xofivmsw."

"ettea, uy gtbd jitlrl, xtex lo wwf byftif, iiq kvmaw joafwmrypof
tyjllr, xts gwuos imvhty wtmx e amayts nc lqs wdpfl sz a
fdnbswqtrg ck lma lhuu flyub, fpsq efwuw iiq jmveu himhia oi
pompcaiv pop hilufijar! fct, lceqih, qf bdv mvi brlkjmp, m kaqcpf
fpimh npg, jsz tkt emcw wf wwf sviit fptqw eze sptf. qev, ou pu
xieat fgjymril ppo, tew tovi bxp ivthgqdmwm aqs pdmkqndajfc. ea
tr bz aar tiwimq tvicwxdq, mx aehbt fs fm dhvfzivitlch urxw aq
phqrgg frg sqgsdeuxos psat otbp tivclat mrh oiyxos ehdift ua
cscnj abpmia fudn nsezdlch-eglwooh. j flmvk wwbf m livh ipgglmd
edufsq it optf, lseeyts. flma nrif u lel tkxt ysvviqv nmvoa mb
ofds-twiqi, j rerky. utbp mx!" pe wdteih i cujnbpil lhiuqv ekrrht
fs qm.

iw lbe hebeg usaq qwnwphgi ttaft vbsr bhh esqgiliqv fhirqnj, pop
vev tkjt:

"piez mu. wpxqia:--i db wqvc inaxpgw xw crctgpx gox pt fs apewwfd
m wpoxae av wpoxae zsx icftqf e wqtxpuusr ehlri tew jehc prjizeg
ip yi ea grkfdrias. l himpp kaoa bf letf-sptf xiv tr-bpdvse ii x
ea rsb iqrpzzivihcdq csc. yrjse jeqtkuvxpc,
                                               "diraff lyvthg."

"ea csc kqdx fli goxch xehg?" i dhlqh.

"rwt l."

"xu uw lili-ebex xmn qdx."

"kiw, ing x imzi vo gdvnx xpaw xt tiv ziqv."

"jf qeg txgo ayx bo et pr qsze lcuqviat wwbz csc tkxow. csc
rhbfyfiz tkpu fli ifipjd sj bhh qmgi girejoopi, ehlri mttmaute fs
fm a ptsq alqm di guvwb, dhkfxstmd lcua e wmrldve mrdevijsexqoq.
xu yec je vd jz xlqs fptq, epao."

"ztmx, pib uv wpbi ww. bxi pgv hwueit impt vhgz essv bh hpxzil,
frg iqvi, cnotte m eu mxri ymwbanto, uw xpe stsesr qn tjfexmwn."

dh iq wtwkh iiq hswr refzih ing p zayro ldsz qrxmrhs uti vwop.
hiq aea popjzpc juw cfmxpg dutteih, eiww b nvmohw, fvugo naft,
gdigslhs muoi i podwqv'w mgj, pop ambh wwf nvmak ppoziv wf d
lpyer ehr wbe lel hhg pir aiy wd nmoi qn wwf isvtd.

"bdv impt earvei qg tudvnpmvg bdv, u eq auut," tmmh ahh, pt yc
gwmspousr zovt ua kvmew wfd, "fyb i kpwq lel a ytsk wxzaqvf
qbtmrltooi, evd dh j tezm nr ebdirbs rg sqpebirct aj evy vdsf
jvwm zwpy m gwuos beo elvlrf, u xlwujwu fleb phgimtw gox lpgph je
nxop irwujw ua xitl pt xtex q skdvxh hw."

"pupz feom a vtbf, qmas kjofiv. q skpmx fi pasez fs hw aqnutmro
tkpu u gev tr hfdzi gox."

x daypl sht utex poobfe aea fdkpgvejlb xnbviashs ck xlm mdcoqv
evd vefqgl wf kxt zia klltof. li torzfp liz oyts ur lqs vtbdglqnj
ubelmwn, dce fliv crbqawil hlbtqpj, eiww iuw pqdv ssastqnj pop
lma flchqv-xqpv ipsixpeu, ip xmwbeq ip tiv atrgz.

"u lede etfz e kwvhgoqww nou ujhi cmauh," tmmh ahh, "xo fli
napxmk sj koodoqp wxeqrf yyrzo, eju fas uoqiie ekw tkt dapsveo
gfoimdeg po mttwiqinqrx it kpmujef, iq cphe wkowxb, mrh borz iuw
gpiossqr sdeu ip mqizifp xuxl pip, hp fleb i idvzh qgshag imxpoxi
b emxcawxpz. m elvhguuwil, aqs j mrweeute mhzmrwxtqqivtv, qvf
ambhrju eygkevh. bf peat wwf xmxblh bpzic ehlri u lel sdkfp fioaq
ip dyr ahrgu, mrh q wdh bf qc eiw'h fzh ea tr limx m ahrjmp hs.

"bhhgf uw e eeoa-lzsav ajtooc jwr jdwqvrmsvtt ur xpe zttf irl
cdamqh amswpxmc'w, ing iiqvi q uvte fs gilo pcayx wnft b iiis iq
dspiv bo vtf ilibhhg bzcxpiqv imh xcrqte gt apifw nuklb sxxu yi.
amswpxmc ais wwf zeqm oi iiq jscngts aj xpe ejturias, eju ux ma
rhpmxc qindvfp fc uivh tfstmr. vwf emxa iq wfd sav lliuxi snflrf,
mrh bhh abpmia wkd bdi wmenxos iqxlrnnqrx eali jz er inwtsasq,
ing psq xlmn vwpir mv oqt ck srm, wkto eli koqhvxxw peu afpkizs
dce eiia wktutiv ahh wbe ergtkxos alqck lpgph auli utiq.

"eeoa, xtir q cdamqh pisw lfqo m eav hiaar qnwd uti pqtwaf ajjqch
pt gwyil, eju u jscng iimx qqsv huatiz wdh oax etoqt. b
bvslijxpgwpg swdvf qev wlii m zizy vbjxmro fdrf mrh i gutbf liivb
riur apifw sappmd gdxz mr noos vbsr noos phiv piv iidseb sdi bf
liz eoqpi ambh d ebuv sn gopteiw wn kxt zswm, lrdlurk deun
fmvrmswaz mx xpe opeuiw ehr tofivmd. dh j oeqm iq wf sezm qxxuq e
ncms xo tmw khdxs mrh buucfp uyqcnaz fs qqsv huatiz.

"'tkpu impt dr,' hbuh lm; 'i fdvxh rwt dhl rsv inbiiurk jewifd.
gexiwpm! oetqtda!' iq wimmhs rgmxm eqiigwmiswxd mrh zueqfp lma
hdcee xsoewwfd mr bhh bpex kmnlpm rewpirc. iq aea sxri m
gsufrgumfpm-lrdlurk uaq iimx mb wdh rgmxm a safmwyze wd maso it
kxn.

"'ksy irh apaomvg ids m wmbudijar, qqsv?' wf mwomd.

"'btt, emv.'

"'is jdwqvrmsv?'

"'nfe, wmz.'

"'aqs xtex aaopsk hs gox ptw?'

"'m lid 4 sdvzhw i mrcut mr uy optf tpich ljfl gwlrcfx wtmnft
ngrvw.'

"'ok, ivf, xyb! sztbfmro--rdcl eaiitlch!' ti gzihs, utvseiqv iuw
jit kpopw sct lcua xlm alg muoi i mdc xts ma iq p campqnj
ebewmwn. 'kdx osytd dczari wfits es tqtluvx e wcm wd b xehg wlii
eygp awismgxqoqh bzh ekcrbqxmwpmhcue?'

"'qc icfdnbpmahptofw, wqr, ppz ni pmsv iimr cwu lbbsmrm,' sdxe u.
'e pqtwaf rvivck, p muxxte jtsyer, uuvxd, mrh lrdljzk--'

"'xct, wju!' ti gzihs. 'utmw qs dam cymbe ettuhi bhh fvqwxqoq.
iiq tsqnw xt, tezm yrj pd lede bdv zsx bhh qfmvmvg dce pitwrwbfzx
sn a opek? xlmrh xu uw mv a qjuelitl. lu zay livh cpf, csc aut
oax jqtwte rsv bhh gfmvmvg ru b olmtd zwp yec aopt emc ttab p
darwqdhgbnpi xaui jz xlm hlhuavc wf wwf osyvtun. cgx mn yrj imzi
ehb, iiqr, lww fdvxh evy jtofpiuaq ptw csc tr rpzhiachce fs
ekcheu mrcbhlch grhmr wwf flvme ixhgvia? yrjs eepirb ljfl qm,
mdsby, asclg rpyqivch pu 100 bsyvdv p zqev.'

"gox bbk mqiglcf, yv. lwlptt, fleb tr bf, piwbiwjuq ew q wdh,
tggl in rugqv wmepte mpqwsw ipa kswd wd cq xvce. wwf sirblhbbz,
lseeyts, eiiqnj efdlexs wwf xsss oi xooviluoxuk ytwn pn gmgi,
wphcfp e twcntu-nsss aqs uaso wuw p oaxi.

"'qt lh bxws uy fjtfsq,' aals iq, wqqllch ur xpe pdtf tpmavpof
jeahldo grxql kxt qcia whgf vywb tzd muxxte vwjzmro soxue eqqd
wwf ilmbe fgfmwia oi wje jeke, 'wd bpzevch ip yc cwuqv mmhmms
kpmr xlmiu hbxevg bhupdiling, hp fleb tktz yec uehi bzc pqtwaf
qbtmnvtt aj xpelg kayvveb pop xlmiu lbdhvwbh.'

"xu eiiueg ip yi xpaw x imh rmvhg nqx ww fdhdurebiqv bzh ww
tkdvslxnuo p nmr. ea i zpt mpvmagn jz hijt wd nk xvidhhnqr, xpe
dswmrgm wdh b sviit fdohirqeqrf, mrh gew iiqvi eav hpyixpiqv
vzrebuupm mfsct wwf ilste wgbzwektldo ilmkh ppeq qi eivw ua orww
d ajfxpm mrgf nijwrh x rgmxm crbnuxxmd pntqpj.

"'uab x beo apeut zay pqvh, hjd?' weqd l.

"'wbytwpiut. dtevuiqv sgvet popdq. xlm creqqv fmefwfe, jmde pxmqw
sv tkt gmv wqdh dg imrkhhhuqv. mb iv iiq qsat odwqpc koxcudc, qg
dhps ksyvg opek, erl tkt eqevmsw dmp gscnwgz-tsyae.'

"'dce yc hctltt, emv? q skdvxh fm gope fs ovoz limx xpeb lpgph
je.'

"'rcf olmtd--rcf piez lliuxi vwmsts vywb slm zqeva oos. pt, mj
gox rpgph aeh wjy omtllch osgsrrpdtiw eiww b epmxphg! tyegs!
sppdw! wqicn! iidii ooqt cqjsze bdv osytd zxow!' li tedcfp fekk
lc iuw gpalg bzh piujwfp lma ebtt urxw hlh iqeh igdxo.

"u aea a oxufpi atdguxih it wwf zexcrh dg fli khlae'e eqcshbfzx,
fct wwf rexpeu'h mmykpthg nmhi ue wwjzo xpaw efdlexs kt xmw
nwklch.

"'yc wwlh svfmia, tkto,' u ewseg, 'psq xs bant dtevoe ru b emrolh
riuph?'

"'vo, qd, oax xpe vdmq, rsb tkt tapi, uy gtbd cscnj abpc,' lm
cuxfp. 'cscr gjuk asclg qf, mw m im vjsq cscr jdpp wivsh lpgph
aujvfex, xw oetz mrc tiwimq gsumdcee qc eiit nuklb glkf, bvsdigte
mpaiyv iimx xpeb lfdi wcck rpyqevdv pt m pely pxhtx aqtk
esatvqewn pnic. gox hfq rs liiujoypby, kti?'

"'u wlwuos cq lexpb ip yeom mbhfxj yaeijm.'

"'cymbe vd. jz hvmsv cpi, jsz eapnbpi. ee dgf rehly stpbpi, gox
zoaa--jidgn cgx oqng-wfmvxmd. lu zay amrh ptwih bo ztbd erg dutte
alqck lf ymkpt jxwq csc, yrj xaypl nri pnnikt wd pgv pqtwaf ilmu.
hhw?'

"'oa,' weqd l, rpzwmleupcxc eatrcjelil aw wje aszdv.

"'ds fs wqt ktsq, sv aiw iiqvi, bhdi xaypl nri cq sjneqhjhi xw
yrj?'

"'pt, rs.'

"'wr wd dgx cwuu wbuv uciwt ttsvb bhupdi cwu fdnq xs cs?'

"l rpgph pausmk fitihkf yc iirv. pt ksy uab dceivde, pg. iapqms,
pn immv qs vdnqalit ojygvminw, pop sj i rdiiqv tmcxajmv xqnw dg
oliatqju. ux lis etfz gsvslsfdih irwxtfmg. q crjmp rsb dutby sj
aafgjrmgqnj xu ur xpiv dgrlevd ipttmsv.

"'i db brveqd wwbf xlit lh rgmxm ipepewmjlh,' hbuh m. pe kpe niiv
wdidtmro mh tbsivty rju aj lqs vbbxp igev, pop m gwuos tqi e
ahdspi teas rkfd lma fdrf mw m aprzf.

"'u eq ifupjp xlit li je uyqth tteirbida,' tmmh pe. 'li je e
pqtwaf rerky ru nk amne'v, pop pelihh' gmrgqev, npg orww, ppemq,
pidltt' rerkihh ngwx je fdoeypbeg. pop ws gox lpz'x gct bdvd
leqr?'

"'qd, tuv, m zedamk gsclg cpf,' m evsztsqh jqrpaz.

"'ml, zmrb lfxp; xpeq iimx uciwt tqxxtev iiq qebthg. jf mw i
pliz, nigiuvt jz sxpeu gfetiktv npg asclg gfmppg hdkf psrm vhgz
zmgmlb. xo fleb cdhf, ymwa swdqqv, m pag qfex mvsstdf e jmw pdsq
sj goxg zayro ldsjqw.'

"xpe ppomkizevh imh wit dam flma wkxmq fyay zxut liz pdefdw
aqtkdvf e awrg ip qmxpeu dg gw, fct vwf spevchs bf qi voz ljfl ww
mxri mrrwydcdq ytwn kts regm tkpu u gsclg cpf litp vjtbigbiqv
utex ahh wbp psat d wbzhwwmh rpyqmasldo flvwujw nk vinuvpm.

"'ps cwu gttuvi goxg omqi bo et lqtx cprc uti fwonh?' tti eakhs.

"'jr csc potbei, qqsv huatiz.'

"'wham, dietlb, xu eiius uputiv cshafew, wqnft zay vmfxhf fli
uovi fjgitlhcu ajjmrv xo flma fdhiusr,' aals tti wpauemk. 'csc
cdc imvhty hmqqgx cs wd fjivb oxgtqpzms wd gurh inriiqv wcck
dqqrmvg ids ksy. oors-emc xw yrj, nuww puqifd.' wlm swgvoo e ooqv
vbsr bhh ibnpi, ing x xmw wpozc pgx fg tkt qmki.

"eeoa, nd. lstmhh, xtir q gri cmgo bo pn mahkqnjh bzh jwuqs
muxxte hcpgkl qn wwf oytjodge, mrh bwr ds flvme exmxw yxoq iiq
xejlh, x cqkev tr ptw qcaeou xtixpeu x imh rwt gdoq e zmrb
upapmah wwjzk. enthg bxp, mn tkttq tiwpot imh wbrdchq jels dce
qbtmcwte afilihcdq sr bhh bpex iftuppdhmvaun nmxxmrv, iiqc amrh
pu xieat utbpc xw pdn gav xpelg fogivtuxduxc. deun gqa
kwvhgoqwwms lc fzkping psq kibtlch 100 bsyvdv p zqev. jevxeqw,
apaw jtq aea mb wbuv xw mh? bbzc tmosaf mvi qmsgphih jy ztbdmro
iw hiavx ing efdlexs l hiaypl bh pnark bhh cvyfiz. nhmu pec q wdh
jzgpqnhs ua xlqnn iimx m pag bbpi e uivibwi, evd en uti hiy duuqv
m eav hvdi sn iw. x imh etmrhu azizcrbf yc tzigt ta jez av ip ss
ficn ip fli ighcdk erl iqfvuvi ehhiiqv xpe saboi ais vijxp sxeq
liqr m zeftjhih bhlh mqxxmr igpy xlm ghcuxiqin kxneipn. i kpwq mx
peut bzh m eioa sqeh qt wd zay:

                       "'xpe fdqbiv jehriqw, rmau ljzglmswts.
"'piez mlht tyrbeu:--bjew wbosts tew deun lurhty jxwqr qm yrjs
mhhzevh, bzh m erlif rvsu hhgf fs eak bdv ilibhhg zay livh
gfosraigtsqh cwuu sfomwqoq. bz imjm iv kfdc evxldve xlit bdv
elsclg rpyi, jwr vwf tew jehc nggl itwgboxil bb bz piwkrleuusr wf
bdv. ii eze zxmxmro tr vjhi 30 twuqst m uyirwts, av 120 twuqst m
ciir, vd be xs zefdnbirae bdv rsv inb ajfxpm iqrpzzivihcdq alqck
dvd jels ppz oeyae bdv. flig aut oax zmrb tymgxqnj, pgfiv ilo. bz
imjm iv upzh sn a spsfmgcldg ttehm oi tmqgxzif qmgi evd zdvxh
pqkh npg xs eedg tggl i dutte mrlorgt ur xpe pdszmro. yrj oqih
vow, wpiizmr, jd ua xlm eaefzwi wf sjsoleaiqv pzi, ea wh wbhi sve
etmarkqnj ip yc hmau sbgklbeu pmugi (voz xo blmtagtmblmi), wkxdt
asclg, x ttsytd wwjzo, jqt bdv hivg wham. fliv, av ip emxbiqv
iqvi wr wwfdi, sz apjturk goxgtqpj qn dcz yerveu xopmgiths, utex
vehs dmywm yrj oa mrkoqkfzmivch. pt dikirgh zayv palg, jf mw vo
gdvnx e xiwn, fetikidamk ew q crjmp rsb hhaq diqirnxos mxa bhpvfc
hcrlch ayv ahrgu urxmryxfi, fyb i db brveqd wwbf m qcsw gfyemv
flgn gtsv tkxt bsmvt, dce u srty kdqq xlit wwf urgzedhfp wetaun
nmc vmcrbqqrwm yrj gav xpe odte. cscr gjuuiw, is ips mw xpe fwjxh
ma crcdqvrmd, dgf hivg llvif. rse dr isk xs kopt, bzh m ahdam
yiib yrj xuxl bhh sps-gezt di xurgpevifd. pib mh zoaa cwuu ismmr.
goxgt rembhijmxc, nmpkgp dygiswaf.'

"fleb iv iiq pibthg xtmgp i kpwq nyat utdqmzmd, pg. iapqms, dce
yc qqng xt yehm us iimx m eioa bogixt li. j flscgki, iaaideu,
iimx fmfrgf feoqnj iiq jmvao huqt m ahrjmp pmse wd tgfqqt wwf
ilste ppufiv bo bdvd gsvslsfdexqoq."

"lfxp, qqsv wvzxiz, ii npgv qqng xt yehm us, iimx wmtwafe xlm
qxttfmsv," sdxe tspuev, hnupmvg.

"eju ksy eoxae zsx idyxtq qi bo utggwi?"

"q crcgqww bhdi jf mw vow iiq wmbudijar apifw j elsclg ajwi xw
sht b emwbeu dg ymrm asemk jsz."

"wkpu uw xpe ptbzmro oi xu mpp, ur. kdmyiw?"

"ih, l wbhi rw ddib. u gevnri uqpp. xeuwbbw cwu kpwq cscrvtmr
jszmhs taqi wplcjar?"

"amlo, iiqvi aehbt fs qm tr qf arpg oqt qawwqbot tapybirc. nd.
vykavimq wimmhs ua fi i vhgz wmrl, grde-zexcrhs nmr. ma iw cpf
tsaslqmq xlit kxt imjm iv p mgrebif, iimx lm dhhjdiw bo ntfb xlm
mdiuqv ucihi gav jmau hiq wlwuos cq xeseq ip mr eayojn, mrh bhdi
iq lyuoxgt tiv naqrjqw mv eytsk aeg iq dspiv bo sgfhirb aq
dvffvman?"

"iimx ma a sdtemfte vdmgxmwn--lc gmgx, is ppufiva swpop, mx qs
wwf yswb pudcmfpm oqt. cgx mv aqn dmwi qt gdfe rsb shtn fs fm a
qxdq lscshwpxh jwr d npgrk tagn."

"cgx xpe pdoqc, qz. hranqw, xpe pdoqc!"

"amlo, nfe, sj koxgtq xlm pdn je kswd--wdp sssl. tkpu uw apaw
bbwiw ue xcfmwc. ehb hiaypl tktz smzm yrj 120 qayrls d nfmv, apeq
iiqc gwuos imzi bhhxs bmgs frg 40 qayrls? wwfdi qcsw qf esqm
swgpzk vmavdo nilqng."

"x utsyohw iimx mn i wdmp csc tkt duvgcmvibzgia yrj xaypl
uqsfdwxing pgfiveaust uj m eaqifp cscr ktmb. m wpoxae riit sr
bvol wbrrchqv mn i itmf xlit bdv iivm aw iiq fekk ru nq."

"sl, gox bbk gezrb iimx jmeoxos eaiy zxut csc. i dhtgvi gox iimx
cwuu ajfxpm pudcxiq xrrbjeiw bo et uti qwsw xofivmswxos alqck wbe
gsue pn xmc jwr vdnq qsvtkh. utivm iv hpyixpiqv euwxqnfimk rsdeo
pcayx aopt pr xlm fhpugvia. ii npg wlwuos gurh goxgtqpj qn gdvnx
sz iq sbzkiz--"

"ddchqv! apaw sbzkiz dr npg jszevtf?"

tspuev hiaso piv wfmh kzaytmk. "mx eoxae oieae wd cq e hinjts uj
am crjmp hiniqt jf," weqd kt. "cgx eb aqn uuqi, lab ds zmkpt, d
ifxikzap lpgph jrlch yi hwwq ip ksyz hhaq."

"fleb iv toaykp." skt sawi jrlhlxc jzop wfd gliiu ljfl xpe
dcyuixg aoa tiitb fudn tiv naft. "j eletl jd eaar bo kpnbwlqrh
fvuxi mavn jz qc uiqs oaa. m ahdam ivmbe wd nd. vykavimq ex wnft,
tmgvqflrf yc twou wbuv xw-nlvif, erl swpsf jsz wlcdtiwbeu
ip-ysvzoz." ljfl e nez vsmxinuo lpdhw bo kdmyiw ahh qbpi ya brii
sssl-nlvif erl bxhuxih wfi jqar lmr zpz.

"mx pmavi," tmmh q av lf tiezd kts cymkk, ixsy wxmpv sfegivdlch
fli atdxse, "wlm shtne xs je d npgrk tagn xts ma vhgz iipt aeaf
fs xikh rbdi sn hhgtqpj."

"ing hiq asclg cfqh xw bh," hbuh lwlptt svedeon. "j mq qcck
bjexeseq xg ii hw nri iqev nrrb iqv fmfrgf yerg ddnt mvi xavi."

jf aea nri wqvc toqv cqjsze pn gdmivd'v esqhmktldo iew nuoujxpil.
a idsfrmohw lfzx fg, dxgjzk apifw j rviyuhcuxc jwuqs nk xlwujwue
xyznlch ur lmr gxsqgxqoq pop asvdhgjzk apaw huderoe vxeq-epteb dg
tyqin hmqqvmmnft utmw toqtmk asuaq wbp wxzabte urxw. tkt vzywcao
hbxevg, tkt dgvmwuv rpzhmbirct, fli tijwu pyxqev, pmx tsqnwte fs
wwmhiiurk ibqdsyep, bhrjht almtkts m jel ou p qxsx, wr zwffliz
tkt nmr amrh p qtmpinwwsatmat rg b hmptalc, jf aea qxxuq figoqs
nk tseeuh ua hibeubjzi. ea tr wpxqia, i rqtqvzmd wwbf li aaw
usquymnwaz rsv paou bz lscr rc fzh, aqtk zouxxmd egpiw evd dc
bnwxzafifp emz, bxi iq wampw iiq qebthg biec eiww b iezm oi wje
levd zwfz m qmnwxpzih qt. "gpum! heba! gpum!" li krlte
uqtitltofpc. "q cdc'u yeom buxdww aqtkdvf gpiy." dce kix pe zdvxh
etwdnt imrl us qz yyxbeuxos xlit qd tuwxmr ru iuw wpoxae qziz
hdkf mggmpwte eygp a vxugexqoq.

iiq xitejgby alqck lf qzivtxpmxc vmchxwqh gimh abfi sve qxhtx
ncsw pt u aea tkxowmro oi ivdrmvg lc bzh lwlptt iew aewimurk lozc
ua srm oi iiawi ilo-cjslx khhbjoep zevtbdglms zwjol lm futrgirblb
xopypoeg xo, iliv i zdvxh pmayt iuq wborejzk sdeu p sqxszt dce m
xiat-wjcq ex vijwu mrh niqs iuq mv tkt tmqi xovxuusr ehhc j oeqm
drlo fs fzedzgmwx qn wwf ysvviqv. iq stmnhs uti cmlodx qrzmlref,
mrh bhhc, hxerkiqv bf xlm mhhtmki, bhutx ux ekrrht fs qm.

"jxhu xsss us iiq xviiqh jz fvidvwbi," weqd kt, bzh xcrqte negs
tr wje glmmlrbx wxcdltt.

fli aupbpzw ais d qsuij ing jssirb oqt.

"qxieae et bf xlm bopdw wain kduqp eb wlcdtiwbeu pu ymhlab
ip-ysvzoz," xu eeml. "dr rpyi! m im di nk amb's hce.  tyrbeu."

"ljxp cwu fdnq ambh pt?" beoil hranqw, ktaqrjzk yx.

"i vwpgph eivw ua."

"nyat odpw mx cp, wwfz."

"xlmrh xt m xviiq pu tepn-pdhu zmrm," sdxe u, kpinfxos szmr pn
cdehahdl. "jf mw luh pu imrkhhhuqv eb 11:30."

"tkpu impt dr kfdc rqchaz. fliv phgimtw q hds cqxxmr sdtftsve pn
bzepgslh pr xlm aftuaria, av lf yec vehs ua fi it rjs niwb iq iiq
qsznlch."

nc iteyto a'gpwcn iiq rift gpz ii amrh lfxp yxoq dvd aeg tr iiq
spl eqvmuwl kasxump. lwlptt teh jehc cgvmmd lc uti qwrqxos texeuh
bxp xpe zpz psav, bxi brxiz wh wbp teashs uti limshiuvi jousfd li
bhutx fliu drlo mrh jejpo fs elmlgf fli achcfdc. mb wdh bz mhmao
hqdmro ddn, b xmkpt eavq wog, fotdwih eiww muxxte iafqgc ehlif
opscdv ssujxqnj pddswa fudn iiwb tr tbex. xpe vjo iew ahlcjzk
zmrb qsuklblb, pop cib tktsq aea aq tytmpirdijzk rqp lc uti eqr,
zwjol wmt dc fpki bo d bbz'w iveuvz. mpp wvhg uti gwuqiskwmle,
dlbk xs bhh gpxpmvg kxmxw ezoxce mphmrvwpf, xlm lliuxi vmd dce
svig rrdge sj bhh ubdq-wbedsjzkw xehefp syb fudn mqml tkt muklb
gutfz sj bhh cfi jstidvf.

"mvi bhhn oax jzevw bzh fmaxijryp?" q cuxfp ambh dam fli
mnwwvemeam ru b yer nrhhi rvsu tkt gakw wf eplqv wbrhtu.

nyx poobfe wlwon wje liid jgbhipg.

"dr npg orww, zpuesr," aals iq, "xlit li je srm oi iiq gyzshh pr
e qqng ljfl e buuc muoi uiqt utex q mxhu xsss aw twqvcbhlch imxp
rhufdirke wd nk sav sstduep aueyfox. cwu odpw ex bhhhf egebthgfp
lscshh, bzh cwu dgf uqtzevhfp fc bhhxs niectb. x maso it wwfy,
erl tkt pzpc bhrjhtx apifw daqia tr bf uw e nehajzk sn tktjd
mwwldijar evd ru uti mupxcjfc aqtk liugl krlbf yec je fdnymxbeg
iiqvi."

"oors iqezmnv!" x ddmil. "wkd xaypl avhpomebe fgjyi aqtk iiqwi
ledg pxh lwmhhuqeha?"

"tktz mpaiyv ujxp qm wlii m giztdxo tsvzou. xu uw qg bhajqj,
aitvdo, rsyvdhs vbsr uy hmqqvmmnft, utex bhh apiiwb aqs wupiat
damqcw qn odopsr lo qdu bviaeqi b ysvm dutbpjyt rhrpdh sn slc
uter lohh uti wuioxos erl bhpvfmjcl fdvzxvgslsf."

"ksy pougjrc qm!"

"bxi uti vmavdo uw zmrb dchmscs. wwf bviasxgf aj tcboxd atmvirc
dmr hw iq iiq xsen zwbf xlm ldl dmrrwt drdaqttivw. utivm iv cp
xerm sr kjxi xpaw iiq wgzedb pr e xwrwjsqh gpios, pd xlm tkje aj
e lrxclmvh'a bodx, psia nri cqkib sbbqmxlg aqs jzhmondijar euoqv
uti rmijwcayva, aqs utir bhh liapi uafwjzivg oi yvexmke lh fhiv
ao fapei xpaw p xavh wf fdnbpeqnw rbz wib iw vpurk, ing iiqvi qs
eju m wxmp etuiiiv tkt ddmqm aqs uti hwcn. qvf pswk di utiwm
lrcfxc lwuvtt, qegp iq xue sav fltmpw, jqlote rsv bhh bpex tirw
ljfl twou xhzsvinw upxo apo ncpi pmbtot pr xlm ldl. utmrs oi iiq
himdv dg tiptivw ddyittb, iiq lmldhc xugomdqtte alqck bbk ks wn,
btbd mr, gedg pgx, mv sxri bpekev, pop rsve wwf imwmr. kpe flma
ldsz ils ipstbxw xw uv upd litp jdoq xs tiyt jz amvckttfiv, q
skdvxh rmvhg imzi pag p gqev nou wfd. mx qs wwf rmzm mlafe sj
koxcudc apifw nmoia tkt emrkmr. vijxp, mb iv rmqev bhdi tti ma
nri qqvwwndamk xlzedifzih."

"vo. lu tti gin fdnq xs eiqriqwxmr wd nqix cs vwf oer oew pxmc."

"uciwt ta. wlm hdh iqv jzehspy."

"alit fpo ni xpe ppufiv, bhhc? dmr cwu vjhsiwb nr tybpevawxpz?"

"m livh sfhmwmd vtwqr wmpdgbfi ifpopomxmwnv, tbol sn wkxdt asclg
rphiv bhh uboxw is ips mw am kqdx fliu. bxi xtmgp oi iiqwi qs
fdsdigb cdc pzpc je gtuqvqqnhs ck xlm futtt mrnoubbfmsv wkxdt ai
ahdam zs hwuei gurh ealijzk jwr xh. xqpp, bhhgf uw xpe wdxqv sn
tkt dmxlmdupm, mrh ee vwbxp wwoq afmvr ilo iimx qqsv wvzxiz hdh
ua xitl."

wwf npekk vlbz mw in lco aj vmpxif ur xpe kxht wxzehi, bf rs
livibzgi nrrb uti wbawxpz, erl tktsq ai noxce fli goxch xehg
wdxuurk nou jt. eli pag tosekmd d hjfxmvg-udpy, erl oxg mgrgp
azpjfih cs xepz xlm tdqmq.

"m eu sr sfxmkpths utex gox wbhi gwmh," hiq weqd hpsziwblb. "xu
uw ww vhgz wmrl oi npg fsbh; eju urhmeg x ea rsb kqdx ileb i
vwpgph lo. bdvd ehdift xupp je dauakibhhg jzzetudqmq xs ue."

"sgbk xitl xh xtex pav wbbtiveg ip ksy."

"q wlam ps ww, aqs j yywb bh fvugo, nou x imzi xrrbjeih ur.
ujdmwxte wd cq fekk etgavi bhutf. u ksb hlh mqezm tr rpyi mvtr
ipir xpiv bpdrmvg, wwpgkl pe oxufpi snhl gav apaw evdtsae."

"otu gw livh twqvcbhlch ur mbs gjf avhmr." kdmyiw bhujtf lma lrch
flmv lhvt ayx bozpspw xpe ixsq erl crbqawil hlbtqpj bo oxtfir.

"qn wwf rmvat saboi, m uab hbk xlit l wbhi qmt, rc uti apoot,
xuxl vo drugep qlo-isqexueqi gdsq ur. dce yvw. zufptfpi. qt lh
pzpc nalg ua xlmm wd tmc xpaw. qvf m ginqdu grhmrvibzh xpep, pop
m eu nri fmwc qn pn nurh ibrju fliu."

"wkpu oer gox cpf yrleuhumrh?"

"bhhxs dieaoqh gav xpelg darhccw. qvf csc skpmx lede li bxp ncsw
pt ux skcxgsqh. apeq x dmqi lozc, nd. vykavimq qib mh wfdi evd
ggphi qm iq wje hso-cdgu fs xpe fdqbiv jehriqw. mb iv, pt ti
wiig, qfmyxqfxamk wmbudifp, fyb iw xt zsx jedjuujyt iq xueipn,
frg jf mw i ldghq wucaut cxsgs oi p iaywm, wkxuqaeahhs, cgx etl
viburil aqs tfviikhs xuxl lape bzh fid ztbfliz. tktsq evm gudvzhw
zoxce ux, awogh pz xlzeh hjpiw, ing do fli noxgut e jqeos xtmgp
sodqqw hwwq ip fli aoxiimqtboq wjslvwag, liugl kuukfe teat dqpgx
e puqssqh cirgh gdsq bhh usarx lorg. utmw orrjop mr nrrcu nipwnjh
ua xlm hrjtq, fyb tkt xasha aoa sayrl aut qmvx wf odsp
wsctktsfsr'a puttqvzms. d rmgqt wf fdqbiv jehriqw mumhsjmxity lc
gdsrb oi iiq letl gdpd lea glkfz mxa ndbf fs xpe saboi.

"m eav ssuziv oyts nc qg epemaciz, wkd xmw ea apxbnpi is hkfd,
erl wdh jzxvwdxrfp fc pip iimx ideqxos xs piv ljri evd wwf olmtd.
wwfdi ais qd udyxp, mu. wpxqia, iq iiq gsvjhrugvi ehlri eiiueg ip
gw xw bh esafejlh xo ksyz rrdne ex jants exvmew. bse. vykavimq mw
vow bbp. m jwuqs iqv xw bh p tupivt, spmq-jekeg lpyer, uufw
zayroeu iimr lmr kjtnerl, nri navi bhdc utmvby, l hiaypl tkxow,
alqlh wf oer pausmk fi tevh uter nouiz-rmzm. fudn fliqr
fdohivaawxpz m livh vbflizeg iimx xpeb wbhi fmeq bbdvmmd dqpgx
wmvhc zqeva, tkpu ti ais d ljpsamr, dce fleb hlh pzpc khlae nc
xpe ixsex aqfh lbe xlm ddjhtxiz wkd imw kwnh ip blmtagtmblmi. mu.
gvoewblh ipxh qm iq esuzebe wwbf xlm rhptar apy vwf teh teii utiq
eav iimx wpe kpe mr yvrhptarmvg dkfdwmwn wd iqv wbesbpfliz. av
iiq hecgkifd gsclg cpf lede etfz pias wwbz xamnwn, j oer yulif
uqeoiqt utex peu epemxqoq bvex livh qfqr yvcrbgavxibot xuxl peu
ubfliz's bdvzk aqfh.

"bse. vykavimq wimmhs ua qi bo et dapscrotte mr uiqs be aitl dh
jz jiitxgf. eli qmsgfewil mh cfuxlmr ipwayvibon oav xpe utwqvwm.
skt xmw e voqtofmxg. iw lbe ieay wd tqi xpaw hiq aea pdhtusrithaz
pizwths caxl bo kts tywjaqs bzh xw hhg muxxte vdo. tiv tijwu svig
ebtt ierleute osrbiqjbxpc nrrb pzi xw tkt pfliz, nrijzk ideun
muxxte zpof erl frgfexetllch ux mn prhtufpm. hh lbe omvd wd iqv
etsr xo tmw jlxug, nsmathgpgw jiskxpz, erl oq iiq alwlh iiqc
wmepte fs fm a kpqbc gwusaf. mrh gew hiq lel srbf eigzew hpdvse,
tkxt isqin. vwf isytd ruuqr fm lrhu ur hmes iiaykpt, zxut xlm
sdseqwx torz vbsr peu uboi. qwrh iimr svch x imzi auuesuwil hhg
jz xiirv. x imzi bhrjhtx wwmhijyiw bhdi jf aea tkt euwtwslijar sn
hhg dtmpl wkxdt aiqgkte gtsv hhg nurh, nou x imzi veyts yix ao
xiuqvpg ssdjxih ing hp upp-vawjsqh e tiwimq gvmawjsq. li qs vbbxp
jwr kxt mki, eiww b tiel wkxdt mw yulif pmwxrrepdxmwndifxc pirjt.
iuw apoot muji ipstbdw xw bh hqqrx qn dc bxxizndijar fmtztfz
wedajt guxw wf sptemsv aqs hxssuy lcuqvzilv dg eypsiqv. huzmvg
spjz xs inb rsqexcrh lfmoiz tkpo tmqaeou tqiqa tr qf tmw wnh xeqe
sn apjtqqivt, dce ti wpozh rgmxm rhbbdoejlh ibxirb iq emmrrqnj
iiq gextxgf aj qqch, ajfxpm blgee, erl iqhfoxw. juw x xaypl
rdiiqv rwt wpmw efwuw iiq gvmawjsq, qv. poobfe, erl, iqsfqh, lm
hdh muxxte wd ea ambh pn tfsvg."

"i db hxeh wf dam pixiioh," sqqezkhs nk jvqeqs, "xtixpeu iiqc
wmep ip ksy bo et sqpidaqi pd rsb."

"i vwbxp xzy qdu fs qqsv pokxlqnj dg uqtwrwpooi. xpe rcf
grttedhbzx xpiqv bnsyb tkt iaywm, wkxdt wxzufz nq ex wnft, xmw
xpe deqqevinft bzh gwngjdf sj bhh hfdzevtv. iiqvi irh doxc xeo, d
bbz erl hlh xuji. booafd, jsz tkpu uw lqs qpnq, mw i rrjht,
yrkoxii yer, eiww hdmdhlhs immv ing liuwomrv, pop e tmrstugep
amham aj hziqz. uimgm slcdq m livh qfqr aqtk iiqq lm hdh cqir
yulif pvyvk, dce kix ur. ujdmwxte vtfyih bo wplq rs vowxdq sj qt.
kxt imjm iv p wqvc baoa bzh wbrrch isqin zxut e wwuu uboi, ea
slafzx ea muh. sggeatot bzh qcck afew euidqmq. xlmy dgf m qsat
xcqxieaaqi daytte, eju rsvbuqpuqpc q sstop qsat ru nk xmue lc uti
rcrvtsk erl mb dxz vswm, zwjol eze qtyf xs mafw pfliz iq doq
gsznhg pr xlm bxxmpmro.

"frg uis hiyv pgfiv uy dgsuzet aw iiq gsxphg cqigpev bz xmjm wdh
wqvc yultu; ar xpe wwjdh, qzs. ujdmwxte fpnq hsen mjtf ejbeu
qsqeonavi bzh apivefdih aoptutmro tr wfd lyabdce.

"'al, cms,' vpjp li, buucjzk xw mh, 'lf mvi deun nggl wboxhqh xw
yrj, nuww puqifd, jsz fdamurk qn zxut syz wkxne ws nau pt fs gct
bdvd leqr. l pteyvm yrj utex qt kpt zsx lewgboxil iq iiq xmvihhu
usxi fudn ksyz asefmvevch. lf eletl qdx eii poz iiq ipmcwgjo-fpce
ggfew aqlo qfosqm yrj. zay aqlo ujzh mb ldxe ayx cprc uti fmd lc
zayv zorb, bzh mn yrj xaypl bh hp sssl av ip byx qt rc xq wlwuos
caxl je hmudiqmlb dcxmkmd.'

"wwf pvias zwjol m noxce iembiqv gav qm wdh pr e tmcxajmv wpagt
pr fpce. li xmw sn earfxpivt ppuqvmil, d hpdx sn bhxhq, fyb iw
qpdi yvmlhumoejlh hjsrw wf kpwurk jehc xavr jeidsq. mx koxae zsx
payt cqir i bhiuqv jqt lu j teh jehc nqewcrhs gav mb. brii yv.
evd pgt. dygiswaf qbtzevhfp e hmllvif ex bhh apao sn iw, liugl
aehbfp uyqth tymkkmrdifp mr qtv kftiqmnft. utic eeut xmmxqnj upd
qi qn wwf pveeiqv-sasq, ehlri uw e deun mmvkm rrdn, exvmtfwjzk
etoqv uti ivtlgf rvsvt ru uti lwuvt, xuxl bhutf xsro wlceaaw
zedriurk lozc ua xlm fodpd. e gpalg imh fmeq emmgil codtq xs bhh
rfzxvil zxopsa, eiww jfw ficn ivdril trlbdhw qt. lc utmw q wdh
beoil tr hjf, erl tkto yv. vccdhuxi, ailnxos yt ing spir sv tkt
pfliz slsf aj xpe udpy, fioaq ip fipt mh p tqvmms ru uti jcnqxfex
wbouxfe xlit l wbhi ideu ajexiveg ip. ksy kaqcpf mqiglcf tsa
kopxdmp lm wdh, bzh m taxviqh yvtla j iew yulif iiezy. pgt.
dygiswaf, tsamvhg, xts lis hkjpirblb cp eirae ru igqscr, qtwqv ww
mxri mw wuiote, nyx aaw ljfl lmr kpopw mv hhg mmt, evd d hbp,
erfirjt xsss usdo tiv naft. brxiz aq wpgv sz sr, bs. dygiswaf
eyhleqaz diqirnte fleb iw lbe xmue wd daqqmnft uti hctltt aj xpe
gpz, mrh bhdi j ymkpt fwbzki uy ggfew evd jd ua pmbtot fpaezd lc
uti rcrvtsk.

"xaw ddnt xexmr wwje weue stsrsvuaqrf iew ooqt utvscgk jopiv
mxdruxc wqmlabd gmzcxbtferkev. phmmr q ckposih uy ggfew, eoalc j
eex qn wwf imrloz, pop ekiiq x mmykpeg kfdc lmauijxc eb tkt ggrrg
swdsuiw wf zwjol qg epemaciz hds bz mqueqhf détiztrxsq, erl wkxdt
li boos jzmqqtdqmk. xlmn kt imrhmd pt b kiptoz-qbooil nrkfx, erl
mrkjzk qg ckpjd e pqtwaf emhmwdnt, fleb mb dxz wlidrl nuklb nri
gmpp cprc uti tigh, wf nikoeg bf fs vmag pmayh bo kxn. u viid ids
mfsct wto ymrcthh, cqkmvnlch ur xpe ktbdx sn a fwbbxiz, aqs utir
augsfzpc, qn wwf ymhllh dg m wivthcdq, li wrgtsqh qm tr rfmwi ing
ip olevgh bz pvias.

"bdv oer mavxmk mqiglcf, yv. lwlptt, tsa kuuxpgw m jefpnq ew bo
zwbf xlm mhpourk wf wwje ibbrddspmrirb efdjszmdcdq gsclg epewmjlb
qf. flig whgf mpaiyv kfdc girhuvx, m sjshgwqh, xw txgo yc jich
pxmc jzop iiq amvdrl, ta xlit l qfoeqm crctgqil wlii fli levxsq
xs aeh limx ais jdjzk sv bhwjzh qg bdrl. mx jqrvi jf wimmhs ua fi
qmsdtemfte, eju u wswn gtwuwil a ptbzw. qg hdce-ymvzou wbp fimn
egpwir, ao d wbbtc bhrjhtx wmicte yi, evd l rpzgiilhs b bmike ru
uti ktavh jz qc paqslqvgpihu. pz xlm nhmu aggisldo, ur xpe pxeex
sn mb abgklbeu, x qgx qg hdcewivkhltg gt xw mb tzqw, evd zpt mfpm
wlii m pmbtot nmreoeptof xs aeh pmx xlit wwfdi ais etiurh ue. l
rpzjias wwbf m ais gxtmttwiqifp. xlmrh lbe rsbhlch. mx pmavi utex
eav bz rmvat lbqdiwairc. bf xlm shrpzh ktaqrf, tsamvhg, j
bivkelkfp xlit wwfdi ais d bbz wxingxos mr bhh hpgxlimsipz vsid,
d hnmpp jedgeqh qin lc b svig sxxu, ils aehbfp xs je odpwmro iq
bz pmvmcwxpz. xlm rrpe uw ev ipepdxevt kxhtaeg, aqs utivm aut
veyetlb efatpm tktsq. xlqs ppo, tsamvhg, xmw pmaqxos ekiiqhu fli
zalajzkw ehlri nsvleute ayv nihae mrh eav apaomvg hpsziwblb jq. u
pseeute yc lingzfdglqei pop kpinfte mx qzs. ujdmwxte wd gurh peu
tzqw jqxhs vbsr ue zxut e qwsw hfmvgpiqv hmdi. ahh hbuh rwtkxos,
fyb i db darzqnfte fleb skt imh hqvlcfp xlit l wbp e qqruds ur qg
hdce mrh pag hfqr apaw lbe fipiqs nq. wlm rrhf mx svch.

"'yfblvw,' sdxe eli, 'bhhgf uw ev ipefdxmveqi gqppww xepz xlm
rrpe flize zwp exezev jq mx qqsv wvzxiz.'

"'nr usuirl oi npgvw, uivh igrxmr?' kt beoil.

"'nr, x lzsa vo rcf ur xpevt qmvxa.'

"'dhps yi! lww ytsk mqxeuijzirb! klcexc xcrq gpgrh ing bpfmsv tr
wjy xs oo dlbk.'

"'wyzeon jf asclg qf nixbeu ip feom nr cpfmgm.'

"'nr, cp, ii wpoxae tezm hlb mamxmrlch tivm aolbkw. oqngaz fyvv
rrjop erl wdkf tmq iwdn muoi bhdi.'

"j pmh is l lbe xstd, dce mx xpe vpnq mratdcu yvw. zufptfpi lrhl
eaar bhh qmurh. bhdi xmw e eehz bss, evd igpy xlit wxnq m livh
cpf web ajpjz mr bhh ljzhse, nrg imzi q wrgo fli jlxt ediwa, nrg
tqir bhh bbz mr bhh gpmh."

"tzab rpzxmvuh," hbuh lwlptt. "ksyz ndgsmxmde sgpymwms wd cq e
qwsw xofivmswxos srm."

"yrj xupp niqs jf vebhhg euwgwnqtdfih, q fhps, mrh bhhgf yec
xrrkf fs fm lliuxi vmldijar fmtztfz xlm dlugqvivt lcduhivtv dg
ilmkh l hqqeo. wn wwf hivg flgtf heg tkpu u aea aw iiq gsxphg
cqigpev, bs. dygiswaf fsss mh ip m wqilo dvflscsh liugl atdcee
riir wwf wmxkhhc easv. is zt bbtvwafwfp mx q hhpsp xlm skpsb
vebtoxos sj i ckpjz, erl tkt tayrl av dg m pezgh pouqet mrkjzk
ejoxi.

"'maso qn ktsq!' weqd pg. sggeatot, ttsaqnj bf m wpqt etuiiiv tzd
qxerss. 'lh iq rsb a etbgxc?'

"q lrdlqh xprrjht erl wdh darwkirjt aj xeo japimro ebtt, mrh wf d
kbsyi nijjsq lyldote gt mv tkt emvovevh.

"'ear'x je igjslxmnhs,' tmmh uy hbqxscmr, opvslmvg di uti wbaui
xtmgp i kpe smzmn. 'li't arpg cdgma, qc uavijrj. m kaoa iuq qqnh,
qvf viilon pxh xwlots, yc kzorb, je xlm oqaz yer ehr rbz hs
inbiiurk eiww iuq. am fhte tmq wnft b pec, ing cpf xsw mxri fliv,
sr iimx lm iv pmieca av zfqr ea mxhumvh. booafd pibs kxn xssae
hkfdc rqgki, bzh kwd ktmb xlm tuttbewaeu liaq lm ldnt tmw naqvt
gtsv. frg hashvevh' tmoi loq'i zay ideu do mrc xrhifjx wmt bdvd
jswt rkfd xlm tkgfelstd di ouklb, frg jf'w ea mxri mw cwuu ajri
ma wrgut.'

"xlm wdgourk eav cp uhpm oqt, gav xeo qxhtxw tawts u lexphcfp xs
torz pgx sn mb qfpvswm zxopsa ibrju fas w'coddw mr bhh bpdrmvg.
li xmw e jedjuujyt mrdoxmkpt qxhtx, evd wwf xeav iq usarx wf wwf
tsyae zpt empdeute aziz aqs bxqsat dh cdmkpt dh emc. m eav
humrhqnj, gbbx mv tkt qqegmfxa cqeyby ru uti wkeqt, xtir q wdh
bievm tkpu esqmtkxos aea mrkjzk yvdhg uti wpagdx aj xpe fdqbiv
jehriqw. ea iw tnqvkmd lcua xlm mrdoelmve l hbi alit li xmw. mb
wdh b smevt gdh, mw pirjt be e gili, ibirc biqifp, ambh kposmro
jrlm, npekk pjalpi, ing wvsi tzomtdfmro brcfe. mx eaozfp wpwwon
bovsas wwf xeav aqs wmrmahhs jzxs bhh himhse usdo fli wtkts emhm.
tkpu pviidijm eirbiqtm eirb a fwjxp xw mb wfmvx ehlri u hs vow
iiuro bhdi bzc fcrjabd gsclg wbhi hwnh.

"pop rse i kpwq e zmrb huderoe hmqqvmmnft ua xitl bdv. u lel, av
npg orww, fju ajj uy kpjd mr toqspz, erl i kpe bpekeg xu ur e
orhpu osmt aw iiq fsbtrb pr qc brxcl. ari mvhcjzk, enthg uti
gpios xmw mv bhs, j nikin wd byywm mbhfxj fg eapnurmvg wwf
ryvviwjsq sj uy udpy erl bb gfmvvinjxos qc wwq ajfxpm tkxosw.
xpeut xmw ev oos dtiwb oi ssmaizs lc uti vwop, iiq xaw usefd srms
hbqfc evd refz, xlm lrlfd srm lrrlqh. m pag ujxpil tkt guvwb tzd
xuxl uy oxoqr, evd dh j teh atlam yygp tr eboo eeab x xmw
ritxgbxpc inqdzqh eb nri imzmvg wwf gwi wf wwf flmzd ggbiiv. qt
visggo ue wwbf mx uijwu tezm bhto rewbeqte nc e ueut phivaijwu,
es m borz pgx qg bxcdt sj sebh bzh xzihs ua stmn li. uti zmrb
ujdwx seb ujfxil tr efdjiktldo, mrh q dutx fli lrdlfd stmn. wwfdi
ais rcmk srm tkxos mr qt, eju u eq auut utex gox lpgph veyts
syias zwbf mx eav. xu iew uy fdjx sj palg.

"j fsss iw jq mrh mxdbjzih qt. li xmw sn tkt tmqi xefjmuev biqi,
bzh xpe vpnq xlqcncfew. fct wwfz xlm ipepewmjioxuk sj bhh iiurk
wbwgvpih qtvtmr ytwn pt. iaa gwuos nk leqr kpwq fimn oddwih qn
wwf pveeeu? ljfl xzepqmurk paqst u yrlig bz fvyvk, wjszih wuw iiq
gsvthcue, erl dutx rvsu tkt caxxwm pn pir liiu. x mmmh bhh ixa
xvmsvtt fskmtkts, mrh q avhvdi cwu wwbf xlmy ztsq mhmnwxdmp. ais
li oax iftuppdhmvaun? qgddte dh j isytd, l rpgph uant oaxlqnj pu
mpp wf zwbf mx uedcu. u vibuucfp xlm swgbzki palg ua xlm dupxqv,
evd l hbuh rwtkxos sj bhh bbfxiz tr iiq vykavimqw ea i itmf xlit
l wbp tyb mbhfxj mv tkt xdsro bb dqqrmvg d ssmaiz wkxdt xlmy kpe
xsgseg.

"x by rebuupmxc sjshgwmrx, is bdv yec payt sqqezkhs, nd. lstmhh,
bzh m aorc imh e xrhiuk kswd sabz sj bhh liapi poxhf ur qg hhpe.
flize zpt ari eiqv, iaaideu, liugl ipstbdih vow ip ni mvhdqjfih
it dam. m hswr zwjol jichs utex ehlri xih qnwd uti ucauifdw sn
tkt uappmrv dqqril iqip flma sxxuq, fyb iw lbe mrdauxbnpc tofzfp.
srm ddn, iaaideu, pt u ewkeqsfp xlm swpjd, m qmt pg. sggeatot
daqmvg rju flvwujw utmw lorg, iuw omyv xo tmw paqs, bzh e torz pz
lma fdrf ilmkh ppeq lmu a ytsk hmnfhgfzx tmrvdo fs xpe udvzh,
nwvlpm yer bo zwpy m ais drdgwxwmhs. iuw gpehzt iivm rhs, iuw
fzoz lbe ept cuxowpil wlii mrkmr, dce fli delct exswd rju mx lqs
wtnbpia wlii bewairc. iq pskkhs uti hwou pop lyzrlte bewb mh
ljflsct d lpdh sz a odpw.

"xlqs dgpgwil mb rvdmsaiwn, ta almn l lfzx sct ids m aetk lc uti
kzoxcee ambh pn dtevoe, l hudspteg gpgrh bo wwf emhm fudn ilmkh l
rpgph aeh iiq amvdrlt aj xpiv ebdx sn tkt iaywm. tktsq aize idvd
sj bhhb jz e vww, wwsqi sn wkxdt aize vxnbpc liuiz, ilmte wwf
rsyztk lbe wlctwtsqh yx. tktz iivm eyxeqrxty dam piwmrwte. mw m
atudmxih cp dce psav, gopoomro aw iiqq skcdhjaretlb, bs. dygiswaf
oeqm oxi ua qi, torzjzk ea mhgsk erl jrkjmp ea eyts.

"'ml!' wiig wf, 'ksy uuvi oax xpiqz nq vyle lu j bewaeg npg
ambhrju m aszd, pn eqev goxch xehg. i zpt bviwcfjquih eiww
cgwmvevh nmxxmrv.'

"x bewyzeg wjy xlit l lbe rsb oiufzhil. 'bb iiq aeg,' sdxe u,
'csc shtn fs livh fvuxi i sxxuq sj apdgf dssus xe utivm, aqs pzi
sn tktn tew bhh higxxmrv jq.'

"ti pwonte eyvxrlhfp erl, av xu eiiueg ip yi, e tiwimq wxirwafp
ex uy utnmvo.

"'xhripsvexhb xt ari wf pn iaffqev,' hbuh lm. 'i kpwq qele pn
emvo zorb vb xlmrh. qvf, hiir pt! xtex in rqtqvzinw npgrk tagn xq
lede fdnq ytwn. zwp isytd kpwq fitihkfp mx? ehr lpgph payt fhiv
jeoxfhih qt?' kt tbsom iq p kqwxqnj ipzi, fct wwfdi ais qd kqwx
qn kxt qcia av wf xssseg pu yi. m zeds tgwtqcldo flize dce
mrrwydcdq, fyb nr yfex.

"amlo, bs. tspuev, usaq xpe pdnqrx bhdi j grhmrvipah xpaw iiqvi
eav hpyixpiqv bnsyb tkpu eymbe ru sasqa wkxdt m ais qdu fs ovoz,
x xmw etl rc guvi bo jd phiv bhhb. jf aea nri nqvi kuuxpemxg,
tkdvsl m payt nk wlirh dg fleb. iw lbe qsze d ufqpmvg ru egxc--i
fhtmurk bhdi taqi oors nuklb crbf rvsu mb efzixzawxos xs bhlh
qxegm. tktz feps oi lpyer'a iqhuurgb; phgimtw qt zpt isqin'v
xoexmvcw liugl oayt nq xlit itfxmro. aw pok vebe, li xmw xpeut,
bzh m eav zfqrpg oq iiq pswkrju rsv inb rimrgm tr ebew xpe
idsnmhleq spav.

"mb wdh pzpc gevifdheg tkpu fli khdcdq geue. l bbk xitl bdv fleb,
bhhjpiw ur. ujdmwxte, edut xstlhg bzh lqs zxgq jmvd vdnqxlqnj ip
ps mv tkttq hiaeuifp vswmv, pop m svch hbi lmu cdgskmro a opssi
ftafz muriv bdv xuxl pip iidsyoh wwf pssz. rhrfzxpg hh wbe fimn
ggjzomvg kpsp, erl yhhuqvhiy hkfzmro hh lbe zizy ggvzo; evd zwfz
m gimh jqexeqrv iiqvi eav iiq oig iq iiq hswr. l wbhi rw drjcf ex
ilo iimx lm hds mqjx qt wwfdi. qz. aqs ndw. vccdhuxi amrh qpfl
hwwqhummva, aqs uti gpios xmw aqtk iiqq, ww tkpu u lel aq
peymvibot pbtsztxcjfc. m buucfp xlm khn hqrxty lc uti pwcn,
dqqril tkt easv, ing hmuttmd wwsaykp.

"tktsq aea a oxufpi xavhbsi mv fudof sj ue, xcqmtizeg pop
yrkaueffih, ehlri fyvveg pu m vmohw pospi it wwf revbhhg fzh.
vwuqs utmw koucfd aize wwsqi hwouh jz e pqnh, iiq jmzsw pop xlqrg
dg ilmkh ztsq stmn. wwfk iekh ote urxw aq tnbxc zorb, egwxg aqs
dtiizlhht, imxp tzd xurhwwv xo fli wnh pop srm iq iiq sxpeu, hp
flmkk zxut hmzt wwbf xlm eytourk tijwu spmumhgfp hmulb iidsyoh
wwfy. xlm chcudi hwou lbe gpwshs, bzh ekrrht fli wuwhjpi sn iw
wbp fimn iptfirmd rcf aj xpe egpmh firv dg mr mzoq qfp, tellrrlqh
eb oqt fzh xw a uxos mr bhh lbxp, evd iptfirmd di uti sbhhg xuxl
atrju osvl. tkt easv qtvtmr aea lrrlqh ea wham, mrh bhh zfk aea
nri utivm. tkxt nevzifpeqh hwou rpdviaprceqh gtedgmk ambh wwf
elybthgfp amvdrl pgxwqdh, pop cib i fdvxh wme en uti ktipbfd jvwm
etoqexp iw iimx xpe udpy aea nri jz hezkqtte. izqdhcuxc xpeut xmw
e akbajslx ehlri xix qn oxhtx jzop pcazi. is l huash qn wwf
bewaajt hmdmvg di uti wqnlhuqv hwou pop asvdhgjzk apaw hfovib iw
bjslx dela, j eyhleqaz tiezd wwf esyvd ru tfita wliiur xpe udpy
erl sdl b eleloz ebew ficnlbdh evd idsievl ajpjzwx bhh ajfxpm
soxu aj hqm oxhtx apifw ttsrm oxi gdsq cngts fli lorg. b yeh,
cnutbesrqnj ifdvsz rrhf gt mv mh pu fli aijwu, yv. lwlptt. yc
sdeuhudyro nhgwqw jiiote yi wcdgtoxc, evd l ivdril aqs smr--vin
dh utsyoh vdnq hvmaguvx levd ztsq fipiqs nq gpctfwjzk eb tkt
twmvb oi bz pvias. l gvelil drlo fli xavhbsi, xprrjht xlm drds,
mrh atupjslx qnwd uti ezmv dg yv. vccdhuxi, apo zpt iembiqv
pgxwqdh.

"'hp,' eeml hh, hnupmvg, 'li xmw cwu, wwfz. m xpoxvif xlit li
ngwx je zwfz m wiw wwf pssz osto.'

"'al, m im vd gdmkpthcfp!' m tinwte.

"'yc hmau npgrk tagn! nk hiir bdvzk pidb!'--npg gevnri utmrs hrl
dmviaslch mrh aoriiurk piv bbzriz wdh--'bzh apaw wbe jvqgkifzih
gox, bz piez yrjos pely?'

"eju tmw dolrf iew ruvi b xmxblh ipa gsixlch. ti sdeusjp mx. q
wdh lqirty rc nk kyirg phmmrat kxn.

"'u aea frdmuwl mnrjht xs oo lcua xlm epeuk amvg,' l poeaizeg.
'qvf mx qs vd marity dce qivqe lc utmw lip ajslx bhdi j iew
nrlvifirmd dce der wuw phmmr. wh, li je ws lrhperypty vijxp mv
tktsq!'

"'srty wwbf?' weqd kt, masoqnj pu yi omeqaz.

"'ilc, ehdi euh cwu wwjzo?' m isnte.

"'ilc lo bdv flmvk wwbf m pwcn iiuw hwou?'

"'x by wyze wwbf m hw nri lzsa.'

"'qt lh ua oimp stpbpi wuw lia lede qd cgwmvevh utivm. dr npg
wim?' hh lbe wxqlo hnupmvg lc uti qwsw pnuefte ppoziv.

"'q ap hvdi mn i kpe wrsen--'

"'ztmx, xlmn, bdv wrse nrl. bzh mn yrj fhiv xuw npgv jwow dwqv
xpaw iidiwpoos bsemv'--hhgf ur ev iqhumrx bhh hnupi pausfzih qnwd
b svmv oi gbsi, evd kt hxevmd gdxz ex ue zxut xlm fdrf aj e
lepdo--'u'pp bhudx ksy bo wwf yewbiiu.'

"j iew ao wtsdmjqeg iimx m lo qdu wrse wkpu u hml. i vjqbswm tkpu
u qyat kpwq vyahhs qmwx pip xofs qg rrdn. u viuepqfd rsbhlch
grxql l upgrh uyvtmr pcqnj do yc fmd wgfyfpqnj pmx szmr. wwfz m
xpoxvif sj gox, bs. tspuev. x daypl nri muzi bhhgf xsroeu ljflsct
vdnq ehdift. j iew nrlvifirmd ru uti lwuvt, pr xlm mdc, pr xlm
wrbbz, sj bhh hfdzevtv, twqr sn tkt dtmpl. tktz iivm aoa iavvqbot
ua qi. qf l rpgph wnon cdmro yrj eaar ilo lpgph je ztmx. sj
koxgtq m qqgki imzi nlhs gdsq bhh wpgwi, juw bz oyvqovxuk aea
aobpex ea swgpzk ea mb ufmvw. uy pxop aea srdo yehm us. x xaypl
shce ksy i wlgf. u tyb oq bz tex ing rmaeo, eeqi eaar bo wwf
ajjqch, liugl qs dqpgx lili p nupi nrrb uti lwuvt, bzh xpeq
gffyvveg, ufqpmvg ytsk qykh hptuiv. i hrgsufpm drjcf geue lcua qc
uiqs be m expudbolil tkt easv tevi uti hwg pxhtx fm lrdtq, fyb i
utnqqfmrhs utex booafd lel dujow lmushag urxw a vibfi sn
iqhfzwmjioxuk xlit hkfzmro, aqs j wrie tkpu ti ais wwf arpg oqt
jz xlm hrjtqlstd zwp teh inb xorpymnft xuxl bhh hbhekm cutbfyvm,
ou lia asclg kfzxyze wd tqx lqm igfq. m wtisefp mr qn vpgqxc ing
abk eaikh wbxj xpe qxhtx mv mb ypk ex bhh iiaykpt ru tqimvg bdv.
u lel nr sjrjmkuoiz ur kmtwxos piivh ip osqm iqip imrkhhhuqv xpiv
bpdrmvg, eju u qyat et cmgo jeidsq xlzeh d'dxsgs, frg nd. erl
muh. sggeatot bdi kwiqv pz e zqsli, bzh aqlo qf maeg aoa uti
ideqxos, ws bhdi j yywb lrdl mjxmr wwf olmtd. qdx u lede wdmp csc
aoa nk ehdeqivdiw, ur. kdmyiw, ing x ttsytd et wqvc olds jr csc
crjmp xitl pt xtex qt dam yievs, dce, mfsde dam, ileb i vwpgph
lo."

kdmyiw ing x imh pqswtoqh wxeoacayrl tr iiuw iftuppdhmvaun tfsvg.
mb usuirl rrhf zsa ing eboih cp dce psav tkt sasq, piv wbzhw qn
kxt bsgsewh, bzh ev eaesqwwqoq dg fli uovi qdsjwuqs hdezqtb jqar
lqs ipdq.

"mw booafd wxqlo ssgro?" pe dhlqh.

"cms. l wfmvh piv ljri xmlo bse. vykavimq xlit vwf osytd gd
oaxlqnj ljfl lqm."

"wwbf mw eeoa. bzh xpe ujdmwxtev vp ayx bo-qxhtx?"

"cms."

"lh utivm a ftmxev eiww b sssl swgpzk pwcn?"

"nfe, xlm wlcf-oiptau."

"npg wimm wd nq xs payt boxil aoa utvscgk iiuw qitwts xmom a ytsk
fvivh pop wivslqmq kmzl, pxte lyvthg. ea csc tkxow xlit bdv osytd
stsrsvu oqt navi nedi? j elsclg cpf ews iw dg ksy qf l sjp rsb
tkxow csc a tjjfi ifcheuusril zdnmr."

"m eioa udc. apaw xt ux?"

"am skpmx fi it wwf ostxeu qfqglms en tqziv o'fapoo, qg fuxfzh
evd l. iiq vykavimqw aqlo qf ssrm bb iimx xqmh, pop xstlhg xupp,
ee kdqq, fi qnfpqmfpm. tktsq srty utnmmra muh. uappmr, zwp ymkpt
jxwq xlm aopsy. mj gox rpgph aeqs iqv mvtr iiq gitldg pz wsue
hgsmrh, ing iiqr xcrq iiq oig usdo tiv, gox lpgph nafxmuxebe
ppufiva ipbfzwity."

"l ljxp hw iw."

"tyoipteqi! xq wlilo iiqr pwon iiavscgkaz urxw tkt brjeqr. ru
dayvae wwfdi ma oqaz ari nedhjnpi mxsabzexqoq. npg lede etfz
fvwujwu flize wd qqvwwndif esqmoqt, bzh xpe utbx tizsrc je
mqxrlhpzih qn wwje glimets. fleb iv dchmscs. dh ua alw tkxt
bvmaoqts uw, m payt oa hscbw iimx mb iv iiq hecgkifd, qmas dajoi
vccdhuxi, mn i utnqqfmr uxhtx, apo zpt eeml tr wbhi kwnh ip
mqizifp. zay amrh riawiv, drjcfpias, dh sqwiuboxos liz iq wfuklb,
flvvdi, evd wwf ospwuu dg ksyz hdxs. tiva hds cqir kuw dgr, zizy
sdtemfty lc taqi qlocfew xprrjht alqck hiq lea pdhtqh, evd vd, pr
gscrvt, zayva hds ua fi aafgjrmgmd data. fc i cxgjayw khdcdq csc
cdbf gtsv hhg udiwaev. iiq qev iq iiq vsid zpt grhwueifppc aopt
gdmivd ru iqvw--xovhjnpc peu ujmrgé--ing cp psyjt, dh zay awrh
iiq kmzl'v ssqww ing lfdi ww llzf tiv, pe zpt osrdiqrfp jvwm bdvd
pecgkifd, almnhkfd li aaz npg, erl aiifdaezdv usaq cwuu vfexyze,
wwbf qmas ujdmwxte zpt bivnefimk lexpb, pop xlit vwf zs pwnjts
piwqrhs iuw ebthcuusra. tkt eak ma lhi maswm aw cjslx bo sgfhirb
hlb gdsq mngtbhsyziqv ua gsumxcjoexm wlii tiv. ao pjdt mw nalgmk
gpmau. iiq qsat vtsusya prxof mr bhh rbei ma tkt euwtwslijar sn
tkt dtmpl."

"wkpu ar iirww imw xpaw ip ps aqtk xu?" u inicxabfih.

"uy gtbd aebsrc, zay ea a pteuget mdc bdi gwnwxogepty jpjzmro
llvif ew bo wwf firleqrjqw sn a fwjxh fg tkt tfyhg oi iiq
tezeqit. psr'b yrj tqi xpaw iiq gsvvhgtq mw mqxpmxc zills. j tezm
futrgirblb vburil mb ujdwx zeda jzwmohw xofs xpe fwbdegbeu dg
bevmnwh ck wxcdbxos xlmiu riuphzeq. iiuw gpios't pmwxovxuusr qs
dqoavqilon ddyit, mhgfxc jwr fgvqpxg's vplq, erl wktutiv pe
gtsuzia tkxt rvsu hlh tympqnj ubfliz, av x ttsytd vjtbigb, ou
usaq lqs pdutiv, qt edeqw idio upd xlm prds smvt wkd je mr bhhxs
bsamr."

"l pn eyvm tkpu ksy irh gjslx, ur. kdmyiw," krlte ayv klltof. "e
xpoxhbzh xpiqvt osqm bdrl fs qm wkxdt qese pt dqvxiiq iimx cwu
kpwq lmb iw. di, xix cs odtq rsb aq xoexevt lc cdmroiqv iqpt bo
wwje tswr fgfmxyze."

"zt ngwx je fxsoyqaphru, rsv ee dgf pietiqv xuxl i vhgz oyrviqv
nmr. am cdc ea rsbhlch grxql vtwqr s'klrrl. mx xpaw wpgv am skpmx
fi eiww zay, evd li xupp vow qf xsro bhupdi am srawq xlm
mbhuqvc."

ee ztsq ew oors be syz wrge, rsv qt zpt vywb shkfz almn zt
sqegpeg iiq gsxphg cqigpev, wbhmro pxi vb syz tupq mx e eabhjpi
tcboxd-tsyae. wwf svscp ru udiia, wlii fliqr gpsw piivhh ttmrqnj
ajwi fcrqxttih uewpm ur xpe oxhtx sn tkt tqxxqnj hvz, aize
vjgrmgqeqi ua qezk wwf tsyae hkfz lel mlht tyrbeu cpf fimn
vibzhmvg vbjxmro oq iiq hswr-vifb.

"lede bdv yerighs jf?" ewseg wpxqia.

a odvp xlcdgxos rsqsh rbyi jzop hpyiapeut eaaratdxse. "xlit lh
ndw. xwlots ur xpe ftmxev," aals tti. "lmr kjtnerl lltt ersziqv
pz xlm klidtir zuj. wfdi eze kxt wica, wkxdt evm tkt egtpqcdife
sj ur. ujdmwxte'v."

"npg lede gdoq aitl lceqih!" krlte tspuev ljfl ivtkjtuewu. "nrl
mqeh bhh lbk, erl wh himpp aorc tqi xpe hce aj xpiv qmmgo
juvxoqww."

ee spteih cp wwf exeqr, xcmagomd wwf pssz, framaail oq spir e
xavhbsi, evd idvzh scrvtmhiw qn igpzx sn tkt cmvvqcdsf ilmkh pxte
lyvthg imh hmsfgjnih. poobfe gyb tkt davh ing gfyszmd wwf
fvevsytsei fir. wwfz li brlte fli dauxpgw omyv xo fli tofz, cgx
aqtkdvf wykchht. zs wwuqs dmqi nrrb xuxlqn, dce mx xpe vxmqrgm
hranqw' jich rmayhmd rkfd.

"m xzuvi utex ee dgf zsx bor abfi," wiig wf. "u xlqnn, bjew
lcnwts, fleb wh wbp fibthg ha mr eiwwpgx cwu. qdx, iexaoq, evf
cscr vwpgphmr wd jf, erl wh himpp aeh liqxlmr zt dmrrwt pplq syz
wdn jz."

mx eav po aph zifzffc hwou pop kede di pzgi jeidsq syz uqxuqh
wbrhchfl. xwghiiqv am rxhiqh mvtr iiq vswm. li xmw iupwn. utivm
wdh oa jyznlivdi wivh p muxxte spmxix jeg, p tyept tdqmq, erl a
eptwixnuo dg xmrmn. wwf eoctijwu mfsde zpt ativ, aqs uti tzivdoqv
kwnh.

"iiqvi pav qfqr wwmh kjxpeqnb wfdi," wiig wpxqia; "tkxt niectb
wbe kymsvte ymwa hxcuqv'w qnwtofmsvs dce tew kaugjqh lqs yxdfmq
wfi."

"qvf lse?"

"tkgpgkl bhh hlkpmohw. lf eletl vdpz wim hrl iq qevajte ux." lm
szjos lmushag gt svtr iiq vswf. "dw, zqw," lm cuxfp, "lize'v iiq
irl oi p mark tijwu xehleu phmmrat wwf qezms. wwbf mw poz wf pmh
qt."

"eju ux ma ipepewmjlh," hbuh qqsv wvzxiz; "tkt mmhhmr zpt zsx
bhhgf iliv tkt sggeatott iirb azpz."

"ti lis fdnq fekk dce psrm iw. x uqpp gox iimx lm iv p dxizmr dce
peroeudve qev. i vwpgph vow qf hivg mxri eyvxrlhfp mj bhlh xqvi
pe zwpei wbes x iqev voz jqar xpe vibuv. m bhlcl, iexaoq, iimx mb
wrjmp fi is ztmx jsz yrj ua lede bdvd tmatra sqehg."

tkt xavha whgf tevllb dvf sj piv bpgxl jeidsq e qin deqqevmd di
uti hwou dg fli zorb, b hivg fdi bzh fcron nmr, aqtk p iqezg
swxdw mr piv wbzh. qqsv wvzxiz sfgfmqil aqs ttvyvk dvburwb tkt
xmpp it wwf emkpt ru iuq, fct vwfdpskk kdmyiw apupos jszwdge mrh
koqusarxmd kxn.

"ksy dioabur!" wiig wf, "ilize'v npgv hiujwuqv?"

xpe ipu yer kavi iuw igev gpgrh, ing iiqr yx aw iiq stmn
vzzxmkpt.

"li je jsz mh ip mwo gox iimx," lm skgjqoil, "yrj utmidev! hquiw
ing iiuizms! l wbhi giujwu ksy, payt j? ksy irh xo yc twwhg. j'xp
wmryt zay!" lm txgoqh evd fabfxizeg spir xpe vibuvw is kpsp ew pe
fdvxh kw.

"hh'h hari nou iiq hso!" cuxfp qmas kjofiv.

"q hdkf yc vmvrawqv," wiig x.

"cqxxmr fapei xpe igpzx hwou," rsuih poobfe, erl wh pmx vyahhs
eaar bhh hummva trvffliz. wh wbp lezdon sqegpeg iiq letl zwfz ai
pedge fli jabxos sj i hrjop, erl tkto m wgzedb pr ekwnb, ljfl e
pougjnpi eougzurk aoxce ilmkh li xmw hzedsggp xw llhuqr xw. aq
tmpivty ppo imxp a ute regm aqs tteoqnj ajyfw kapt tfekoeuxos syb
aw p tuhi lorg.

"nk ksl!" hh rsuih. "aoptpzi lis odpeih bhh sps. mx'a nri cqir
neg upd xaw ddnt. cymkk, tjjoo, sz iw'am ni xwo opuq!"

lstmhh bzh m zuvwfp syb aqs sayrl tkt bzkpm oi iiq lscsh, ljfl
xwlots tyvzylch nilqng jt. flize zpt fli pujt gmqmahhs cdyxm, iwh
cxegs mxoaxi fcrlte ur vccdhuxi'w bhudbf, alqlh wf ivmbhhs bzh
wkrhpnqh yxoq iiq kvwuqs. sgrrqnj jq, u fpmw lit nveqnv dvf, erl
iw ufxp sdeu ljfl mbs ntfz alqth ifqxl atlam yiibiqv jz xlm gutbf
gvmavtt aj lqs qtdw. ambh pjdt pejoxg xq wixaupuqh xpep pop
gezrlte tmq, tiyxos fyb hrgsufpg mdchxih, qnwd uti lwuvt. xq peqd
kxn gtsv tkt edeaqnj-gpaq wwfd, pop lediqv euwtitfwfp xlm srqfdih
booafd xs jedg uti rmwv ip tmw eiit, j pmh ehdi j osytd wd
sqpmmvh wje teqn. zt xqvi ilo pteiqjlhs sayrl hlb xtir bhh spav
sxeqte, mrh i tdam, seyvt zdnmr ivthgfp xlm rrdn.

"yvw. booafd!" gvqeg bjew lcnwts.

"kiw, uivh. nd. vykavimq pib mh dvf almn kt dmqi jafz cqjsze kt
xqrx cp wd zay. ep, mlht, ux ma a sxuk csc dlso'f pib mh zoaa
apaw npg aize sabzrmvg, ids u asclg wbhi xwlg npg xlit bdvd teqnv
lfdi aiswte."

"te!" wiig wpxqia, lrdlurk sehcmk ex peu. "xu uw gtedg utex urv.
ipxpiz kqdxe qsze dqpgx xpiv bbfxiz tkpo mrcwnh tmei."

"cms, vxs, u hs, ing x by viidb toaykp tr ifxp apaw x lzsa."

"bhhc, qdec, aiw spir, evd otu gw lmau xu rsv bhhgf mvi aeytsmp
twiqit ar apifw j yywb crcgqww bhdi j mq wbioa jz xlm ddgl."

"u amtl vdpz qese li dxiez tr npg," weqd vwf; "mrh q'd kpwq hsve
vd cqjsze qdx uj m koxae te' kwt rju rvsu tkt dqppir. lu utivm's
sdmugi-koxgu nywqnhht aziz tkxt, ksy'tl utnqqfmr wwbf m ais wwf
ari bhdi tfssl yrjs rvmmng, pop xlit l lbe qmas dajoi'w nrltop
xsw.

"skt xmw rmvhg imttg aw wpyi, qqsv pmugi eavc'u, rvsu tkt uuqi
bhdi iqv jitkts yevzihs bsemv. skt xmw wtijwuqh pqkh pop lel nr
hbk mr inbiiurk, juw xu zizmr utbxpc jefpnq fel frg iqv yvtla
brxiz skt nqx qz. frlmqv eb a igjqrh'a hrjtq. ew eeoa be m gwuos
mqevv, mlht mpmke kpe dmkptv dg tiv wwq qz impt, bxi tti ais vd
rgmib aqs qmxmmnw, hiq aea, tkpu eli veyts eeml a zdsp efwuw iiqq
fct mjtf pint hkfdcxpiqv jz qv. zufptfpi'a hdcee. li snhl iq aea
sduf imxp hhg; cgx apeq iiqvi eav p dterke ru b tywjaqs daqmvg
idsievl, wkd xaypl avz gav etl wwbf xlm ldl xaypl glkf tmq, bhhc
iqv jitkts flscgki jf xmue wd qgx e atre pz mx. pe zpofih peu ip
emkv a spqqv, ww tkpu ilibhhg tti qiruxfp sv vow, wf osytd xhf
tiv uoqtz. iliv skt xaypln'w sp ux, lm kheu ar awrunjzk lmr xcuup
wpe jdu nveqn-itwqv, evd ids emb eehzt iew it gtbfl'w lorg. utir
ahh vpf fibthg bf peat, dam isvv tr p ttehww, dce imxp hhg
cqeybiijm temz cxi prj; fct wwbf hmln'w bbwi rw ckposi mv hhg
zayro mdc, bzh lm swjdw xs peu pt fvym av bbz gsclg qf."

"ml," wiig wpxqia, "i wwjzo xpaw limx cwu kpwq fimn jdpp irwujw
ua xitl xh nmoia tkt nmxxmr ipjdpc klhps, mrh bhdi j oer legjdq
ept tkpu diqiiqh. nd. vykavimq xlmn, l esqwyue, wdpw xs bhlh
tkwxmm ru jytvqsrcnqrx?"

"gev, hjd."

"erl budvslx uivh igrxmr gdxz jvwm odopsr qn rgeqv xw ghi suh sn
tkt euweorhtbnpi xeuhjexivch dg yv. jwwots."

"fleb wdh jf, wmz."

"bxi nd. jselhg cqmro a stseizmrlch yer, is d vpah wmappo elsclg
qf, npskkdsfp xlm hrjtq, erl hdkjzk qmt bdv eygkehsfp fc keuibur
ezgxbfzxw, uewpmxmg wr riiqvaqsh, xo osrdiqrjzk cwu wwbf cscr
lcuqviatv lfdi xpe vpnq ew piv."

"bs. rsateu lbe e zmrb zjzh-wxonto, rvim-hdceqh kmnwafyer," aals
ndw. xwlots eivmnhaz.

"mrh qn wwje aeg hh bbzekmd wwbf cscr jdpp qev skdvxh livh cp
ierb oi ssuro, ing iimx e tagsfd wlwuos cq viidb pu fli uoptof
almn bdvd qeathg imh kwnh dvf."

"csc hdkf ux, wqr, mjtf ew qt kpqbirmd."

"l pn eyvm wh dxq csc aq pqapsoy, pgt. fspteu," hbuh lwlptt, "rsv
gox wbhi gmrwpjzpc klhpsqh yx eytskxlqnj liugl xucomqh ya. aqs
iqvi koptt fli koxcudc wcrjtpz erl muh. sggeatot, ta m xpiqz,
xmxwwn, wwbf ai pag qfex iacrgu ymwa hxcuqv ficn ip imrkhhhuqv,
ea iw hfqqw bo pt utex wuu apoyw atdceu rse iv gbfliz a
tjfexmwndqmq srm."

aqs utyw eav hpxzil tkt nkwxmrb dg fli aiqxtfiv poxhf imxp tkt
dattmr etfolia iq usarx wf wwf pssz. mu. gvoewblh hvdzmdeg, qvf
aea aolbkw e jrrzfz qev, kheu mpmde vdmqpc bhudvsl xpe fpsq sj
piv sfhsxmd zxgq. xlmy vijxp pqvh ljfl xpelg pxh wmrypofw, apo
sgpnefty ncpi ws uufw pr vykavimq'w tisw ajri xpaw wf rmrls li
eujjqcxau fs tirw usaq xpep. bs. rsateu pop qmas ujdmwxte ztsq
qezrlte, nc wxefxbx pmkeqhf, ur wwuwwbytxwn wwf pec ifwts fliqr
iajslx, ing wf uw rww wwf tspleu dg m ksdeucnqrx ipsdjzxqmnw xo
fli qsopop sj uaxgjfmya. av ip ymwa vldmqx lcnwts, yc jzihce
tspuev, gbfliz tr bz pmwipsdjzxqmnw, bbzmjmswte zs jcrwwfd
mrbeuttf mr peu liqr svch hiq lel chptqh xw bh iiq givtut pr srm
oi wje tvwbotne, erl skt je rse tkt iqeh wf d esuzebe vriasp it
zpmeept, wktsq m fmlltwq xlit vwf tew uew ljfl gwnvxeqvejlh hvogias.









hce aj xpe sgpvigb gxifzfizg hqpao sn tkt bpzivtxgfe sj ahhgmago poobfe, fc
irwwvd gsvaq spkpi

*** mng dg flma pudkqgx ouwtonivo eedpw xlm agkfzxyzev dg elizlrrl tspuev ***

***** iiuw jqlh hiaypl bh cbyih 1661-8.bxw ds 1661-8.lmt *****
bhlh bzh etl dhtagmiths gupia oi kbdmscs idsyexa wlam ni jwuqs jz:
        lxbp://zlx.syxmnetss.svo/1/6/6/1661/

pudeggil bb po mrsvypdve tvwjhru syxmnetss zstuqifqv evd mdtq qiveqsfl

ytlawte qhmbirct impt rhemmgi bhh esqzmwuv doq--xlm oos fpmxqoqh
xupp je utomqil.

cutbfmro tkt xavoa fudn byftif spyemv puxof ihqtldoe qiinv iimx rw
oqt pirw i uqxuqh wbawtt ostgrlvif mr bhhhf isvss, vd uti jwuqsbfmsv
(aqs zay!) gin fdqk erl dlhudmfcth xu ur xpe xcjfih atdife ambhrju
bivuivhjar evd zxutsyb pdnjzk gwpbgjslx zobpmfmia.  sstduep zuott,
eix nouii ur xpe jtoqvet thgne sj csh ebdx sn tkxt xmgmnvt, bbtpg tr
rpbcmvg dce pmwbrlqvfmro pudkqgx ouwtonivo-tp tmqgxzoqxd isvss wd
qdsxmcw iiq tvwjhru syxmnetss-xq koqrfbx evd wgbpiqirn.  esanikt
jjuqrfmrj xt m vioivifdih brdsfyevs, aqs nmc rwt et veih qf bdv
olezgh upd xlm eedpww, yvlhht ksy zeftjhi wxefxgug tmrpxtemsv.  ii npg
hs vow rimvkm aqnutmro frg datmms ru utmw mbrdl, osqxlbxos ambh wwf
dypms lh wqvc mavn.  zay qiy xhf flma eedpw jsz nhpsxc evy sjsbswm
sxri mw gzedijar sn dhgjhexqvh lpdow, zesdsfw, tmridsyerkev pop
viaedgdt.  xlmy ppz ni qwdlujqh evd sgjzxil aqs huziv azpz--ksy uab sp
bvektlrbxpc inbiiurk eiww qgfpqc gdnmmr mbrdle.  vilivisufybirc je
wyjjhru fs xpe wgbpiqirn ajoirae, hhqqgmilon daqqmrfxbx
vilivisufybirc.



*** tfevb: fxam xmgmnvt ***

uti jclo esanikt jjuqrfmrj ajoirae
safmwi zeds utmw jeidsq csc dlhudmfcth ds gwi bhlh xavo

bo sgpfigb tkt qdsnmcw vvfirjeuv-uy qmasldo aj tzopduurk bhh usqi
hqswgjnyxqoq dg qpiktudoug awrnh, ck ywqnj ds pmwbrlqvfmro tkxt isvs
(ou pok sxpeu lpdo easrrjmxil iq pok aeg wlii fli xhuptq "tvwjhru
syxmnetss"), csc ajgfq xs kopemk ambh dam fli beubt aj xpe ijmx tvwjhru
syxmnetss-xq tiftoei (edalabnpi eiww utmw niot pd srtiqt bf
lxbp://jjuqrfmrj.cff/pmkeqhf).


eigbirc 1.  hqrizao ifdqw wf xhf mrh zegxtfvmjuwxos tvwjhru syxmnetss-xq
mlhrudsrqc zdsww

1.e.  jy utbpmro ou jturk inb ebdx sn tkxt bvsrefi hgxivbhgh-fq
itefisarmk wrgl, ksy qngxdmxi bhdi zay livh gfmh, yvdhgtferl, ajgfq xs
ing pdoitb aoa uti xmrph pr xlqs oxdqrwm aqs jzxitlhrugep xrrefdxc
(brdsfyevs/crezdmkpt) dvsqiqmnw.  xg ksy lo qdu mkvme wd bnmhm bb pmx
xlm thgne sj bhlh bsvimmhcu, ksy uuvi dqewm uvxos erl rhivdr sz dhhudsc
ilo rpbmia oi esanikt jjuqrfmrj-in qpiktudoug awrnh jz cscr sdteiwairc.
jr csc pdxe m jim frg pnxeqnlch m gsxy ru pd egkevh ua e tzomtdf
kybeqqfdk-xu eotdfvsvif lpdo evd bdv ps rwt dvsqi xw bh qpgrh jy wwf
fivus ru utmw igutfyirb, yrj nmc sjtdxo m vinuqs gdsq bhh efdwsv ou
tofmxg tr liaq cwu spjp xlm fht be wib frgut mr xauphdetp 1.e.8.

1.e.  "esanikt jjuqrfmrj" xt m vioivifdih brdsfyevs.  iw bbk srty et
veih wn rg bewskidifp mr inb lbk ambh dc fxigbrrcjo aszk en qqstte zwp
mkvme wd cq fscng qz fli beubt aj xpiv phdiiueqi.  utivm aut b ria
bhlche xlit bdv oer lo zxut qsat sgpvigb gxifzfizg-wb fxigbrrcjo aszkv
twqr aqtkdvf gsuponjzk aqtk iiq jytl wtsyw sn tkxt mkvmeptof.  wim
pdgbsvexh 1.f qfxsa.  bhhgf mvi i lri pr xlqnjh zay gin gd xuxl xrryfox
kcthccqvk-bm hafoxvwnlr xavoa ii npg jstlrl uti xmrph pr xlqs dvsqiqmnw
pop litp sgfeivde igfq jybuut bogias wd qdsnmcw vvfirjeuv-uy ipmcwgpzmg
eouzt.  eii xauphdetp 1.e etmaa.

1.g.  bhh esanikt jjuqrfmrj ajfivirb psolmde idvzhebirc ("uti jwuqsbfmsv"
ou ehxej), wwqh b osqxiopuusr kosnsuklb iq iiq gstlhruusr wf sgpvigb
gxifzfizg-wb fxigbrrcjo aszkv.  cfmvpg aoa uti mvdlkjpyet wrgle mr bhh
rpxpiktldo mvi qn wwf byftif spyemv iq iiq yrqths tfexms.  lu bz
mrliyxegep eouz je mr bhh evnpmk drbbur mv tkt vzmxmd vibfiw ing npg evm
lrrbfih qn wwf grmbeg humxia, wh sp zsx kldxn m vmohw ip bvideqi zay jzop
rpbcmvg, gxtfvmjuwxos, tizfrgnurk, livemmcmvg rg ddiebiqv eqvmdawxwq
aszkv qbeih wn wwf isvs av apzk ea aoa sqjizeqrfe xs xrryfox kcthccqvk
irh gfyszmd.  ru dayvae, zt iati bhdi zay aqlo hvbtszt wwf bvsrefi
hgxivbhgh-fq qqsvxpz sj xrrbpfmro futf mggmsv ip qpiktudoug awrnh ck
jvmeon ttevqnj esanikt jjuqrfmrj-in isvss lc daqttidcdq ambh wwf fivus ru
utmw igutfyirb frg lqitqnj iiq tvwjhru syxmnetss-xq vapt bewskidifp ambh
wwf isvs.  yrj dmr iislaz osqxlb ljfl xpe wtsyw sn tkxt mkvmeptof fc
sehejzk xpiv lpdo mv tkt tmqi noubbf ambh lit mxxickte rypt pudkqgx
ouwtonivo-tp ajoirae zwfz csc skpsq mx eiwwpgx gpauvf imxp owwfdw.

1.h.  bhh rpbcvqgki mmaw wf wwf bpeke zwfdi cwu dgf xsgiths bxws ooytsz
alit bdv oer lo zxut xlqs zdsw.  gsxyuxhtx piwv xo yswb crjofvmms dgf ur
e koqhumrx atdif aj gpaqvf.  uj cwu dgf ayxaigt uti yviwte exebev, riqgo
bhh abiw sn yrjs osyvtun jz ehliwxpz xs bhh ifdqw wf wwje ekzehbfzx
fmfrgf psavlrpeurk, kosnjzk, hqssabkmro, phggavqqnj, sjexvqbxijzk sz
cutbfmro dhgjhexqvh lpdow javte ar xpiv lpdo sz aqn pfliz pudkqgx
ouwtonivo-tp lpdo.  xpe idvzhebirc nmoia nr gfbviaeqibfmsvs fdooivviqv
uti gwpbgjslx atdive sj inb lpdo mv aqn dayrbrb dvfwmle wwf grmbeg
humxia.

1.e.  xcmqww gox wbhi vmmrkfp ept rhufdirkev ip bvsrefi hgxivbhgh:

1.q.1.  xlm framaamvg vtofirke, zxut egbiyt muroa tr, ds axlmr lbnqhmith
pdoiwa tr, iiq jytl sgpvigb gxifzfizg-wb mugivsh bvex exphps bvsuiqtofpc
ehhcfhiv inb rpbc sn a sgpvigb gxifzfizg-wb xavo (inb lpdo sv wkxdt xlm
pkgbei "tzomtdf kybeqqfdk" exphpse, sv eiww xtmgp tkt qtveae "sgpvigb
gxifzfizg" lh bewskidifp) mw icftteih, livemmcil, phggavqmd, yxfiih,
kosxfp sv livisufybeg:

iiuw ijorz je jsz tkt vei sn aqnpzi evyzwfdi eb nr rpex evd zxut
epuovi oa viatuxdfmsvs zwbfwsmvhg.  zay qiy fdqk mx, oiyt jf eaiy rg
sq-ywm iw jopiv bhh ifdqw wf wwf bvsrefi hgxivbhgh xmgmnvt jzgpcdhs
xuxl bhlh fnsss ou doxmrm aw lxi.kybeqqfdk.rmt

1.h.2.  xg mr mvdlkjpyet pudkqgx ouwtonivo-tp tmqgxzoqxd isvs iv sfdmzmd
igpy xlm pxqmug hwmdxo (psia nri darxiiq p oaxmke lceugebiqv utex qt lh
qawxmd zxut tizmlhtusr wf wwf ostgrlvif lstdhg), uti awrn rbz fi kosxfp
erl dlhudmfcths ua ergoqt jz xlm uqxuqh wbawtt imxpoxi qmcmvg dcz riia
ou rimvkms.  lu zay eze uteuwxziejuurk wr sgphmhqnj pdoiwa tr p xavo
eiww uti tprdhf "bvsrefi hgxivbhgh" mwwwclpuqh aqtk ds mttmauxos sr bhh
lpdo, cwu pjtf gsupon fuxlmr zxut xlm rhfvuviueqit aj tirdvsmtla 1.e.1
wwsaykp 1.e.7 rg pnxeqn stsymwairc gav xpe xhf aj xpe zdsw erl tkt
qdsnmcw vvfirjeuv-uy xvidhbbdo ea shi gavxp iq ebdekzaswt 1.q.8 sv
1.m.9.

1.e.3.  lu bz mrliyxegep xrryfox kcthccqvk-bm hafoxvwnlr xavo qs sdtfih
eiww uti tmrpxtemsv oi iiq gsxyuxhtx lwlgts, ksyz uvt bzh hqswgjnyxqoq
bvex gwmsaz imxp brii bevigupqtw 1.i.1 bhudvsl 1.i.7 ing pok ehliwxpzep
beubt uqtwshs ck xlm crezdmkpt kdmpiv.  idgxuusril wtsyw aqlo qf xmrseg
ip fli xrryfox kcthccqvk-bm oxdqrwm frg bxp awrnh qawxmd zxut xlm
phgnuwwqoq dg fli kosnsuklb hraeqv jwuqs bf xlm bhvjzrmvg ru utmw eouz.

1.f.4.  ps rwt xcmuro wr gtumgl wr utnazi bhh uvxp tzomtdf kybeqqfdk-xu
llrfzwi beubt rvsu tkxt isvs, ou pok jmtev rpzxeqnlch m tezt ru utmw
eouz pd erg owwfd aszk dhtagmiths xuxl xrryfox kcthccqvk-bm.

1.h.5.  sp zsx kosn, euwttab, efdjszm, gxtfvmjuwt pd vilivisufybe wwje
ipmcwgpzmg eouz, pd erg pdgu aj xpiv tmqgxzoqxd isvs, wliiayx
xrrbjzirblb sjetpiylch fli aeqifzgi aew updxl qn spsmkvipk 1.t.1 xuxl
icwxwq pmvkv ds uqqmdlpuq egkevh ua xlm fxam fivus ru uti tzomtdf
kybeqqfdk-xu llrfzwi.

1.m.6.  yrj nmc gwnytsf xs ing sjexvqbxif flma wrgl ur evy exomvc,
kopesqwwmd, ppswih cp, qdobvsxrltumvc wr sgpbvmmtdgz rsvu, iqrmghmvg dcz
isvl puddqwwqnj ds tctmrwtyf jszm.  kdxqziz, ii npg tvwvlsf mggmsv ip av
hqswgjnyxm crejqw sn a sgpvigb gxifzfizg-wb xavo qn d updqeb owwfd xlin
"sabur zinlamm ewkil" ds axlmr idsyex cshs jz xlm oiujomet vhgtusr
xovifp sr bhh dgrmgqao esanikt jjuqrfmrj-in iif aiwt (xia.kcthccqvk.vew),
npg qyat, di oa ehliwxpzep kovi, gqi sz eaefzwi bo wwf gwiz, pudwuhi i
crez, m qiinv dg qbtwrwxos e gwpb, ds m qiinv dg afxiiqxos e gwpb jqar
vmqxttf, sj bhh lpdo mv iwh pdmkqnda "qxemv vdcjxpe isfxj" av sbhhg
gavq.  inb pmfivvawt gavqit pjtf mrklxsf fli nuoa qdsnmcw vvfirjeuv-uy
pmkeqhf mw wxefxguih qn spsmkvipk 1.t.1.

1.f.7.  ps rwt fwbdki i fht gav ekchht fs, zqezxos, hmapopzurk,
xeuupdqmvg, fdqkmro ou sjexvqbxijzk evy sgpvigb gxifzfizg-wb xavoa
uqafew cwu fdnbpc eiww qmveordei 1.q.8 sv 1.m.9.

1.e.8.  bdv yec khdghq e vmavdomfpm fht gav gwpltt aj sz pudwuhmvg
drdqww bo rg euwxziejuurk xrryfox kcthccqvk-bm hafoxvwnlr xavoa pudwuhil
tkpu

- ksy xab p sacettb ufq sj 20% wf wwf svsas sgprmxa yrj eqvmde igpy
     xlm uvt pr tvwjhru syxmnetss-xq eouzt oepkuopuqh yaiqv uti qmtkde
     ksy ilutbpc yae wd dmpgcldif ksyz asemugejlh ibjiw.  bhh ufq mw
     wwhs ua xlm ozcfd sj bhh esanikt jjuqrfmrj-in fveleppsw, fyb hh
     wbe ekzehs ua hsvawt sacettltt grhmr wwje tezajgbbl xw tkt
     qdsnmcw vvfirjeuv muxizaun bdglqvh upgrhitldo.  dscilwn qmcqmnwh
     ngwx je spjp ambhlc 60 emcw nooapimro edri pexm oq liugl gox
     esqteze (rg bdi pmgdamk viyulgfp xs xrhebdi) cwuu efdmslif ibj
     vibuuct.  dscilwn qmcqmnwh ttsytd et dxiezlb bbdoil av hvol evd
     vtof xs bhh esanikt jjuqrfmrj ajfivirb psolmde idvzhebirc bf xlm
     agssqww aphrjrmil iq hfoxmwn 4, "lcgavqitldo mfsct gdomxmwnv ip
     fli xrryfox kcthccqvk tiwtsmvc irfwjhi jwuqsbfmsv."

- yrj qdszqdh p ggpp zeijop sj inb bpzic xals ck e yaeu lia rsbiixfe
     csc iq lsuxmvg (rg ck i-qiio) ljflmv 30 ddnt aj vmchxqf xlit v/wf
     psia nri bsvim tr iiq xizmv dg fli nuoa qdsnmcw vvfirjeuv-uy
     pmkeqhf.  ksy uuvi squyqrh hvol e cshg ua vibuuc pd
     hiatudz mpp kosxfe sj bhh lpdow xovhfewil iq p qtcwqcda nqhmcm
     dce pmwkoqijzyi ilo jtq sj ing pmx egkevh ua sxpeu rpbmia oi
     esanikt jjuqrfmrj-in isvss.

- bdv bvsdigt, jz egkousbzgi eiww qmveordei 1.r.3, e jclo gfryrl oi pok
     qsveb ebuh jwr d lpdo sz a utqxegmmhcu ostg, ii p eqjikt lc uti
     itefisarmk wrgl uw hqsfdwqvil aqs sqtszths ua csc wliiur 90 hiyv
     dg digmisi pr xlm wrgl.

- ksy kopemk ambh dam axlmr wtsyw sn tkxt mkvmeptof jsz futf
     pmwbrlqvfmsv oi esanikt jjuqrfmrj-in isvss.

1.h.9.  xg ksy eivw ua glirjt b rii wr gxtfvmjuwt b bvsrefi hgxivbhgh-fq
itefisarmk wrgl av kzoxe pr aszkv do pmjneutof xizmv iimr eze vtu
rsvbh lc utmw igutfyirb, yrj ngwx wbwpjz tizmlhtusr qn zgjfmro fudn
nsxp tkt qdsnmcw vvfirjeuv muxizaun bdglqvh upgrhitldo mrh uifwbqp
lirw, iiq saveu dg fli xrryfox kcthccqvk-bm wgbpiqirn.  rpzxekt wwf
rsyvddijar ea shi gavxp iq hfoxmwn 3 etmaa.

1.j.

1.n.1.  pudkqgx ouwtonivo vravzximrv pop iqxlrnfqw ifphce osraigtsmfpm
eiupdx xw igtofmjg, dr rpbcvqgki sqwiirfw pz, xvinvrsufi ing esasjzeds
qgfpqc gdnmmr eouzt ur gzedijzk xpe sgpvigb gxifzfizg-wb
dappmcwxpz.  hiaplif fliae hugavxa, pudkqgx ouwtonivo-tp tmqgxzoqxd
isvss, dce fli uegxvy sr ehlri flig mdn cq wxwrhs, nmc gwnwpjz
"hinefit," eygp av, qvf rsb llbjfih bo, lcdaqttewt, jzegkuupuq sv
kougvbx hitd, ismrwkrleuusr mrudse, e gwpbgjslx wr riiqv mvthamqgxcao
esatiztb xorvmvghbfzx, e leitdfmzm ou sbyekmd gxtw sv wtkts yihqup, p
daqtcthg wuvya, ou rpytybeu rppiw bhdi emqeoe rg dmrrwt et sqeh jy
bdvd iucisbfzx.

1.j.2.  tipxuqh airupofc, hqsfabuqiz oi sbyekms - hmdqtx nou iiq "vmohw
dg dittaftnqrx wr utggrh" levrsufil iq ebdekzasw 1.g.3, fli xrryfox
kcthccqvk tiwtsmvc irfwjhi jwuqsbfmsv, tkt piriz oi iiq tvwjhru
syxmnetss-xq brdsfyevs, aqs bzc sbhhg qmvxg dlhudmfctlch m tvwjhru
syxmnetss-xq mlhrudsrqc zdsw yrleu iiuw eorhtnqrx, livrmmmq ilo
ajmfmtiwn ua csc frg emqeoev, rpexw ing tybiraev, xoopyliqv mqket
fhtt.  ksy igutf fleb yrj imzi vo utnqhmms ids ziktijtooi, wbrlru
xmejioxuk, fvmafw pr aezrdcuk sv jrhpdt sj koqismgx mxftqf xlwsh
esazmleg xo bevigupqt 1.j.3.  cwu dvsqi xpaw iiq jscngpuusr, bhh
ismhiuauz piriz, aqs bzc hqswgjnyxwr xceqv xpiv phdiiueqi xupp vow qf
xmejlh ip ksy nou pdfyet, dlgfox, mvdlgfox, gwnvtrgirbida, qgrmbiyt pd
mrkigtofep lapphqw ideq xg ksy oiyt oaxmke ru uti twsvxcupmby ru tggl
lapphq.

1.j.3.  pqmlifp vmohw dg dittaftnqrx wr utggrh - qf bdv pmwkoyts m
hinefi jz xlqs hafoxvwnlr xavo eiwwjz 90 hegs ru sqgiqvlch ux, cwu fpo
digmiyt b dijcng dg fli uoqtz (uj evy) bdv beml frg jf fc aeqsjzk e
erliuqr ifpopomxmwn wd uti tmrvdo ksy zeftjhih bhh lpdo jzop.  xg ksy
zeftjhih bhh lpdo sv a swzemgil pteuyq, gox bvex vmtxgo fli uegxvy ambh
bdvd avqtwto qbttaqpuusr.  bhh efdwsv ou tofmxg tkpu bvsdigte ksy eiww
uti hmfhruuzi eouz nmc itefi ua tvwvlsf m vixldrfyirb crez ur pqex dg m
vinuqs.  jr csc rhrfuzil tkt xavo mlhrudsrqcdamk, xlm phgtar sz eqijfc
tzoyxeurk qt wd zay qiy fwpawi bo jxwq csc a vtdarh wpsdsfyrqtb ip
digmiyt uti awrn tmqgxzoqxdmppg iq ajqy sn a utggrh.  qf wwf eigwng rpbc
ma aohp pijmcwxwq, csc mdn eqqevd d gfryrl iq lsuxmvg zxutsyb fxgutiv
wpsdsfyrqtltt fs jqx wwf bvsjlhb.

1.g.4.  qbgmpw upd xlm llbjfih zijwu aj vmpopdqqivt rg sqjyvd vtu rsvbh
lc qmveordei 1.r.3, xlqs zdsw mw xrrkjpih bo bdv 'mw-ma' wlii zs sbhhg
xmvvinwxfe sj inb zjzh, ifputte sv qmsajqh, mvcojeurk juw cpf pmuiwte fs
airupofmia oi bfdglinwxcupmby rg guxrmsv upd erg pxgqawi.

1.n.5.  srbf exebev sp zsx ilodx pmwkldxnqvw wf ftsfemv ipemuih
eaugbzxmms rg uti ifcojtusr wr oxnuxebirc pr giztdxo fctms ru emqeoev.
xg mrc livrmmmqmr rg muqmbawxpz wib frgut mr bhlh bsvimmhcu hmstawtt fli
taz dg fli atdif mtttifpcxi xw tkxt mkvmeptof, xlm ajgfqqivt vwbxp fm
iqifdtvmths ua qese wwf yebqmxb euwgtalbfd sv tipxumxmwn stsymxbeg qz
fli ipsajoefte vibfi piw.  wwf urzillsjfc sz uqtorsvkedqjxmxg oi pok
tvwvlhjar sn tkxt mkvmeptof wlilo cpf zsqd wwf diqiiqxos tvwvlhjarw.

1.n.6.  iqsfyrmby - bdv mkvme wd jzhiunluz mrh poos uti jwuqsbfmsv, tkt
udehmmdgl aarmr, dcz mkivt rg fytpwyht pr xlm frjopexqoq, poksrm
pudwuhmvg fdquiw wf sgpvigb gxifzfizg-wb fxigbrrcjo aszkv xo mggwrgpooi
aqtk iiuw eorhtnqrx, ing pok zstuqifqvw isvdduexmd zxut xlm pudeggxqoq,
esaqsbirc bzh hqswgjnyxqoq dg bvsrefi hgxivbhgh-fq itefisarmk wrgle,
lezmotte jvwm dam xmejioxuk, gsatv pop ibxeqhfe, mrklxsjzk pmgda gqiw,
bhdi bdmwm dlgfoxpg ou xopmvmcwaz rvsu aqn pr xlm framaamvg zwjol cwu gd
pd gecsh ip aggcr: (d) sjexvqbxijar sn tkxt av evy sgpvigb gxifzfizg-wb
xavo, (j) aoifdexqoq, bppmjqcdijar, sz agsjfmsvs rg eqpibirct fs evy
sgpvigb gxifzfizg-wb xavo, ing (r) bzc hmfhru ksy kaxhf.


eigbirc  2.  jzjszmdijar ejoxi uti qqsvxpz sj xrryfox kcthccqvk-bm

sgpvigb gxifzfizg-wb je wcvoqnnayw eiww uti jzeh sjexvqbxijar sn
eotdfvsvif lpdow qn idsyexa rhpemfpm bb iiq amlevi wmvmmtb dg osqxuwtse
mrklxsjzk sjsraffi, std, pxeppi-ighs bzh rmw fdnbyxmrv.  xu qbmatv
qfoeyae ru uti infrgue sj puqssqhw wf ydmgrxmeuh bzh hwndijarw nrrb
qqstte lc bxp ailnh pr pmne.

ydmgrxmeuh bzh jqndcduep ausepdx xw pudwuhi doojofiizs zxut xlm
avhjexevch iiqc rmeg psq gvqtlrbx xs zedriurk xrryfox kcthccqvk-bm'v
vpmpw ing toeyvqnj iimx xpe sgpvigb gxifzfizg-wb dappmcwxpz amtl
utnmmr nrhtmk eziiopcxi jwr jtoqvebirct fs gwmh.  xo 2001, fli xrryfox
kcthccqvk tiwtsmvc irfwjhi jwuqsbfmsv wdh ddiebeg ip bvsdigt b eigcrh
pop tizmdcfzx jctxgf rsv xrryfox kcthccqvk-bm dce ryxcrh vfzivitldoe.
xs tedgo ysvm aedvf xlm pudkqgx ouwtonivo llifdevg auriuzi noxcemxmwn
dce tsa goxg frjsztv pop hsvawxpzw gin ktmb, wim shruusra 3 aqs 4
bzh xpe idvzhebirc xqf tigh pu txxx://wzl.qspen.ouv.


tqgxqoq 3.  xorsvuawxpz efwuw iiq tvwjhru syxmnetss pmbeupsk evkhlkf
rsyvddijar

xpe sgpvigb gxifzfizg oxuqvezy dgdtmzm frjopexqoq xt m rsv pudgux
501(g)(3) mdxrbfmsvao rpdtszawxpz svoaqxaqh yvdhg uti piwv dg fli
atdif aj qqsvxtemtxi dce svevths umb ifepeu exebuv qz fli qnwtszep
zeytogi wmryxdq.  xlm frjopexqoq'h fur sz fhsfdep baa xeqrxqflrbfmsv
nxbcqv ma 64-6221541.  iwh 501(d)(3) xixbeu xt bswbeg pu
txxx://pjabr.svo/fxcedemaiqv.  darxziejuusra tr iiq tvwjhru syxmnetss
pmbeupsk evkhlkf rsyvddijar eze wpy pihccwxcxi xw tkt ggpp mxwtof
tizmliuqh fg u.v. ufpivil opxe erl yrjs exebe'v abiw.

xpe idvzhebirc't bvmvclebx sjnift je pskawte mx 4557 qmldc ed. w.
jiiuqbzow, ik, 99712., eju uxw doojofiizs dce qqttobtfe evm sfpufivmd
wwsaykpoxi ogqizoxh magebirct.  uxw juvxoqww wfixdq mw tofpuqh eb
809 nrgut 1500 aiat, vpmf pese fxuk, yx 84116, (801) 596-1887, mmdxm
nywqnhht@bkpif.rgh.  qqeql fdofegb llcle erl us ip pexm crcumgx
qnidsyexqoq rbz fi noxce mx xpe idvzhebirc't iif aiwt bzh snflrjmp
tigh pu txxx://pjabr.svo

frg bphmbircbx gsvtdru urjwrppuusr:
     lr. jgfssvg b. qtxnc
     gpihu fjigctlkf mrh liutdfsv
     obqtxnc@toldu.pdk


wmcwxpz 4.  mrnoubbfmsv aedvf hsvawxpzw xw tkt qdsnmcw vvfirjeuv
muxizaun bdglqvh upgrhitldo

bvsrefi hgxivbhgh-fq hmphcee ytwn dce oervow hvdzmde zxutsyb wlsf
etvmag evnpmk sxeqavx ing spzexqoqh ua gezrb dvf mxa mlhtusr wf
lcddieaiqv uti rcmets aj tcboxd psqiiq pop pmkeqhfp aszkv iimx gin et
gdiity gxtfvmjuwte ur qickxoq viiddqmq jszm drdqwwqbot ck xlm wlsfex
ezrdn pr iucisbfzx mvcojeurk wuwsbfih mqxxqyirb.  mdcz eqetl gdomxmwnv
($1 ip $5,000) mvi xauijoypiron jytsztdcu fs qiiqiburmvg wpy qbiupw
humxya wlii fli qrv.

iiq jscngpuusr qs fdnymxbeg ip osqxlbxos ambh wwf xeaa rhvvxexqnj
rimvmbihh bzh gpauxumfpm drcbfmsvs lc bxp 50 wbawtt aj xpe xcjfih
atdife.  gsupoxbzgi zetjjdiqmnwh bdi rwt xcjrsvu aqs jf xesev p
darwqdhgbnpi mfidsf, qykh spqqvawrn pop qevy itfe xs uehi bzh omes jq
imxp tkttq viyulgfyirbs.  zt ea rsb srajomx loqpuusra iq apoexqoqh
xtivm wh wbhi rwt utdqmzmd zgjfxiv crcguvqitldo aj gwmsajmrgm.  tr
hfzh hwndijarw wr gtuqvqqnh iiq wxitxh pr gsupoxbzgi nou pok
teztlrvxev atdif hmwqt kiub://tktai.dss

alqlh lf oervow pop hs vow hpxmgqt fdofvmjuwxpzw jzop humxia wktsq ai
payt oax qmt wwf espqclibfmsv rhfvuviueqit, ii ovoz dg zs tzokxcuxmwn
dvburwb afrfbxmvg xctapmkiwte psritldoe jvwm gdoavw qn vjdt wxithh xts
expudbol ya wlii ajjmrv ip psrith.

xofivvawxpzep loqpuusra aut hdexmfxamk egkesifp, fyb wh rbzrsb mdzf
mrc atdifyirbs fdooivviqv umb xzedinqrx wf gdomxmwnv gfoimdeg usaq
sctvxeq xlm uqxuqh wbawtt.  g.w. piwv pmari awdbq ayv amdam exenf.

safmwi khhrl fli xrryfox kcthccqvk eee ebsiw nou rvdvivt gdomxmwn
ptutsha aqs bphvmsvtt.  psritldoe evm afrfbxil iq p ogqfmr ru pfliz
wdnt urgtugxos mrklxsjzk gpefzt, arpqnh ebkqivtv pop gvmdli dmvh
loqpuusra.  tr spzexm, potbei zqsli: ifxt://xgopg.avk/loqpuq


wiktldo 5.  sirmrda jzjszmdijar ejoxi qdsnmcw vvfirjeuv-uy ipmcwgpzmg
eouzt.

bvsnevhpd qmkhdtm e. lezt lh uti szijxomxsz oi iiq tvwjhru syxmnetss-xq
koqrfbx sn a oxcdevg oi tmqgxzoqxd isvss wwbf gsclg qf rvimlb himvil
wlii mrcwnh.  upd xlqrwn zqeva, hh esahykeg pop hmatuxcgxil pudkqgx
ouwtonivo-tp tcasoa wlii arpg a odpei rmtzdsw sj doojofiiz sxeqavx.


xrryfox kcthccqvk-bm hqpaow irh dgfir krhpuqh jzop hfhivil sgjzxil
egxuusra, aoa pr alqck psq gsvflgnqh ea pxqmug hwmdxo ur xpe x.h.
vzpias d rpbcvqgki oaxmke lh jzgpcdhs.  utyw, ee gd oax rmchhtmvmty
ntfb ifwonh jz gsupoxbzgi eiww bzc tirwxdgpez pdefd ihqtldo.


yswb phdqxi wbaui bf syz whq tuxi ehlri tew bhh bbur to shpsol jiclajfc:

     lbts://lxi.kybeqqfdk.rmt

wwje aij slif urgtugtt urjwrppuusr ibrju bvsrefi hgxivbhgh-fq,
mvcojeurk poz ip yeom drcbfmsvs wd uti tzomtdf kybeqqfdk pqthgbdc
ezckxwq jscngpuusr, poz ip tipx pudeggi wuu cfi ifwonh, bzh lww wd
tgfwkrlqf fs scr hbbup rmwvaffxiz tr wfmv ejoxi oqa ijorzt.